
		Easter decorations are an indispensable part of any Easter celebrations. Easter is a spring festival in the northern hemisphere and as such Easter decorations reflect this fact. It is true that customs and traditions might differ from countries to countries but flowers and other similar symbols are generally constant throughout the world.When it comes to Easter decorations, there are many who like to purchase the best Easter decorations from the market while there are many who feel like creating something with their hands itself. It could also be a very good idea for your kids also, engaging them in handicrafts.Let us have a look at some of the Easter decorations that you could use this Easter. The very first thing that comes to mind when one thinks of Easter decorations would surely be flowers. It is perhaps the most popular item for Easter decorations. You might also find Easter decorations with flowers in churches. Your Easter decorations could consist of a single flower arrangement or a whole bouquet. If you can, you can also make an Easter wreath or if not, you can buy one.Easter decorations also get a huge lift with beautiful banners. It is really simple to make and it gives something extra to your room. You could always engage your kids with these Easter decorations. And if there are many kids, you can opt for patchwork. All the kids would be working on different parts of the banner and once they are finished, all the pieces would be joined to have unique Easter decorations. And yes, always remember to have all the safety precautions in mind. After all paper, glues and fabrics are all highly inflammable.Have you ever celebrated Easter without chocolate egg? If the answer is yes, then you are really very unfortunate, because what Easter is without candies. Marketers have kept this fact in mind and to give greater value for money to the customers, most of the easter eggs come in designs and colors that form an integral part of Easter decorations. You can also arrange a number of smaller eggs in your basket.The market is replete with different Easter eggs for Easter decorations. It all depends on your budget. How much are you willing to pay? If you do not want to spend money on buying Easter eggs, you can always make your own Easter eggs. You just need to show some artistic skills and you can have your own Easter eggs painted. Easter decorations could be made unique with your creative skills.And yes, how can we forget Easter baskets for Easter decorations. Easter baskets have become very popular when it comes to Easter decorations. Which children don't like having Easter baskets full of candies? Here also you can buy Easter baskets from store or you can think of making it with your own hands. Once you have completed Easter baskets you can think of filling it with eggs, candies, flowers or any other treat you want to give to the recipient.	
		Baby's First Easter is a momentous occasion that happens only once in a lifetime. Babies are cute and cuddly just like the Easter bunny, so it is easy to see why making Easter special for the newborn is so important.  To make your Easter gift-giving a bit easier, I've put together my top 10 picks for Baby's 1st Easter Gifts.1) My First Easter Basket from Baby Gund&reg;.  This adorable, soft, pastel-colored basket holds three little toys for baby to enjoy.  The removable toys are bright-colored and make fun sounds such as the bright yellow chirping chick.2) Personalized Easter Bib - Many online baby gift shops offer bibs that can be personalized with the baby's name, "My First Easter," an embroidered bunny and more.  Bibs are a great inexpensive gift to make the Easter holiday more fun and festive.3) My First Easter Personalized Bunny or Teddy Bear - Adorable stuffed Easter bunnies make great stand-alone gifts or items for inside Easter baskets.  Numerous online companies sell the Baby Gund&reg; "My First Easter" Bunny or generic personalized bunnies.4) Easter Bunny Security Blanket - Baby Gund&reg; also designed an adorable pink or blue security blanket that is 14"x14".  It is unbelievably soft and cuddly and has a cute little cream colored bunny that is removable.  Some stores personalize this item with the baby's name.5) My First Easter Gift Set - Baby Gifts &amp; Gift Baskets offers an Eggstraspecial Easter Gift Set that includes all kinds of items including a "My First Easter" photo album from Baby Gund&reg; and a personalized bib to make the Easter holiday unforgettable.6) My First Easter Photo Frame - The Personalization Mall offers a frame covered in colorful Easter Eggs and a "My First Easter" message.  Frames are an inexpensive keepsake where cherished memories can be displayed for years to come.7) Baby's First Easter Romper - Cotton rompers personalized with baby's name and "My First Easter" are the perfect outfit for the holiday.  Rompers can be found at numerous stores including Personal Creations.8) Personalized Easter Bunny Basket - Personal Creations offers a plush bunny basket that is personalized with the baby's name.  Not only is this a great gift for the first year, but it can be used year after year by the Easter bunny to deliver sweet treats to the child.9) Personalized Fleece Easter Blanket - Baby Gifts &amp; Gift Baskets sells a personalized fleece blanket that includes the child's name, Easter year, "My First Easter" saying and an embroidery design of your choice.  The blankets are ultra-soft and machine washable.10) Handmade Easter Basket - One of the best gifts is something you make yourself.  Choose some fun baby board books, baby toys and a big cuddly Easter bunny.  Put the items in a wicker or soft-sided basket and wrap it in colorful cellophane.  This is an Easter gift that baby will certainly enjoy and Mom will love because it came straight from your heart.	
		Are you looking for great Easter gift ideas and do not have anywhere to start looking, especially if you are looking for unique Easter gifts. In this day and age there are dozens of resources available to make your task of finding a unique Easter gift, a swift and painless process, if you want to have a lot of options quickly check out the internet. A quick search for Easter gifts, Easter gift ideas, or unique Easter gifts will give you dozens of options to choose from, no matter who you have in mind.For those people on your Easter gifts giving list who prefer religious Easter gifts there are sites that cater especially to help you locate a special and unique religious themed gifts, here are some religious Easter gift giving ideas, Figurines, precious moments makes a beautiful collection, bible or specially blessed rosary, prayer cards, having a donation made, or special prayer requested. Keep in mind that not even religious minded people need to get religious themed Easter gifts they might be equally happy with more mainstream Easter gifts like, baskets of candy, or a themed basket with their favorite sports team.Children are the most fun of any, found on an Easter gift givers list. There are dozens of various types of toys all perfect for Easter gifts, everything from clothing, pencils, and brightly colored pastel themed toys, there is sure to be something to please the smallest Easter gift receivers. If you want to give a more traditional Easter gift, they make baskets in all sorts of themes for children, with or without candy and even sugar free candy. 
Some other traditional Easter gifts are things to help with Easter decorations, like egg dying kits, for people who put on large dinners, or Easter parties, the best Easter gift could be offering to help set up an activity or bring a dish.For Easter gifts, the whole family can enjoy trying putting together an activities kit including egg dying, some fun Easter craft activities and some recipes for great Easter treats. If you're coming up short on trying to find original, unique and interesting Easter gifts, check out a variety of other options like jewelry, novelty fun items, like personalized stationary, pens, or shopping lists. Easter gifts are no longer bound by the restrictions of tradition and religion. Give your Easter gift giving some thought.These days there is a little bit of Easter themed things in any type of gift you might think of. For something really unique why not try giving decorative lawn pieces, flags and decals to add to the spirit of Easter. No matter what type of Easter gift you give, make sure that it was chosen with the person receiving it in mind. Nothing will impress your friends and family more than to receive Easter gifts tailored to fit their tastes and personality. It will go a lot way to keeping those smiles on their faces and laughter in their hearts.	
		Planning for Easter Activities  for entire family are not as easy as it seems, especially if you have a large family with different interests and ages. The keys are having fun but not getting yourselves exhausted by organizing a super big celebration/party. There are many ways you can make Easter Celebrations simple, yet fun and within the budget.Long weekend travelling is always a great fun during Easter Holidays but it can be a challenge for large family with young kids. It may also drain your family budget and take significant preparations in advance. How about creating some fun Easter activities that your whole family can enjoy at home ? Easter Egg Hunts, making Chocolate Eggs and other Easter crafts / Easter games are some simple but exciting activities that all family can get busy with. These teamwork-style activities also bring all family and friends together with great memories to treasure forever.Celebrating Easter can be also as easy as making and having an Easter themed dinner or meal with family and friends, praying and going to church together, or let the kids having fun in some easy-to-make Easter craft projects such as decorating Chocolate Easter Eggs, making Easter Bunny Ears, creating your family Egg Tree, making Easter gift baskets and filling the Coloring pages by the preschoolers. Of course Easter is not just about foods and crafts, there is also some fun Easter games beside the traditional Easter Egg Hunt, such as Easter Egg Roll Game, Easter Bunny Tag, Easter Egg Match-up, and so on.How much you enjoy Easter this year will depend on how well you plan it, but there are basically endless creativities you can put in with some inspiring Easter ideas out there. Also, remember to take lots of pictures during your Easter celebration to add to your scrapbooking album collections with fun Easter themes. You will treasure it and your kids will be happy to see their own photos grow up year by year on Easter. Easter is a celebration of rebirth and new beginning. So plan to have your unique family style Easter activities and most important of all, just have fun, relaxed, and enjoy those yummy recipes and chocolate eggs!	
		Easter is celebrated in many countries around the world. As one of the most important Christian festivals, this joyous time is one of holidays, festivities and giving, particularly chocolate Easter eggs and flowers. It's a time for families and friends to come together in celebration of Jesus Christ's resurrection.The significance of Easter
Easter is one of the oldest and most important Christian celebrations. Commemorating the resurrection of Jesus Christ, this moveable feast is always celebrated on the first Sunday following a full moon, varying from March 22nd to April 25th at the latest. During this time churches and homes are decorated and filled with bright and beautiful floral arrangements, specifically the Easter Lily.The reason why the Easter Lily is the traditional Easter flower is that according to Christian beliefs, lilies sprung up where, in Christ's last hours of sorrow and distress, His sweat fell to the ground. They are used to decorate churches during this time of celebration for his resurrection, symbolising life, hope, forgiveness, purity and virtue.Easter has two significant days: Good Friday and Easter Sunday. Good Friday precedes Easter Sunday where Christians attend mass to commemorate Jesus' crucifixion followed by family gatherings as a way to say thank you that Jesus Christ died on the cross for their sins.On Easter Sunday family and friends will attend mass to celebrate Jesus Christ's resurrection. The festivities of Easter Sunday frequently include a big festive family meal, Easter egg hunting, and the giving of Easter gifts and floral arrangements. Homes are decorated with elaborate Easter themes.During Lent, a time of fasting preceding Easter treats are often forbidden, but on Easter Sunday the elders of the family and friends are given the opportunity to hide Easter eggs in and around the house while the younger generations begin their hunt for the hidden eggs. According to Christian beliefs Easter eggs symbolise new life, which by Jesus Christ's resurrection, people are given eternal life.Easter gifts and floral arrangements
Since Easter is a time of giving, a bright heart-warming floral arrangement is considered to be the perfect gift of nature. During the Easter holidays, the coming of spring is also celebrated in the northern hemisphere, while countries in the southern hemisphere, like South Africa, welcome autumn after a long hot summer.Easter floral arrangements' styles are both formal and informal designed with Easter themes. The Easter Lily is mostly used as the main flower in bouquets however other flowers such as daffodils, tulips and hyacinths are also associated with Easter. These beautiful bright flowers are perfect to celebrate Easter, and the coming of spring or autumn.Easter gifts are also given to family and friends during this time. A gift hamper is ideal for this festive season filled with all kinds of Easter goodies. Easter chocolates are always a must, since both young and old can enjoy these titbits, while candles and flowers are used to decorate the table for the big Easter family meal.There are many reasons to celebrate the Easter holiday season. It's a time to strengthen the unity between family and friends, to come together in celebration of new life!	
		Every year around February, do you begin to wonder, "When is Easter this year?" I know I do. Since I have four kids and I am usually the one who hosts Easter brunch/dinner, I better know when it is way ahead of time, so I can get organized and be prepared because I like to enjoy Easter too!I really look forward to Easter - I always have. I think the older I get, the more I enjoy it because it's a lot like Christmas as far as that 'festive' feeling, yet there's not as much preparation, and you don't have to buy as many gifts as Christmas.Easter Dinner RecipesI also love the food! It reminds me of my Grandma's Easter hams and deviled eggs! In fact, I've put together a collection of my favorite Easter dinner recipes from my childhood that I make and share with my family every year. What a wonderful way to create new family traditions than through food!So, make a ham, or better yet, cheat, no one will know and buy a Honey Baked ham along with some side dishes. Or, whip up a quick batch of green bean casserole... everyone loves the crunchy onions on top! Add some super easy deviled eggs, a sweet potato casserole, and maybe even a nice green salad with some homemade ranch dressing, and warm rolls with melted butter - you know the heat-n-serve kind you can grab at the supermarket?Keep it simple, but get into the Easter spirit and host a simple Easter dinner like the one above.Oh, and for dessert, if you have room after all that Easter candy, make a simple strawberry shortcake with some whipped cream. My mom makes the best strawberry shortcake that brings back wonderful memories of my childhood every time I eat it.Can you tell, I still get excited about Easter?Kid's Easter Crafts - Use these to keep kids busy and as Easter gift ideas too!Now with four kids on spring break, here's a couple of on fun Easter crafts I use to keep kids busy. These work great as Easter gifts for relatives too.We have coloring marathons.Here's what you need:
Print off or buy inexpensive Easter coloring books
  New crayons - fun! What kid doesn't get excited about fresh new crayons?
  Inexpensive frames bought from the local dollar store
Directions:Tell your kids you're going to have a coloring marathon, and let them color pictures for an afternoon. After they're done, let them pick their favorites and frame with the inexpensive frames and give to relatives as Easter gifts.Another fun Easter craft involves making kaleidoscope type pictures with crayons and wax paper to hang in the window.Here's what you need:
Old crayons
  Cheese grater
  An iron
  Terry cloth towel
  Yarn
  Hole puncher
  Wax paper
Directions:Tear off a sheet of wax paper about 22" long to start (you're going to end up folding this in half). Let your kids 'grate' or 'shred' different colored crayons onto one half of the wax paper. Fold the half of the wax paper sheet with no crayon shreds on it over the one with shreds and put the towel over it. Iron with a medium to hot iron (as long as the heat can penetrate the towel to melt the crayons) until the crayon shreds melt together and form a kaleidoscope type picture. Punch a couple of holes in the wax paper and thread the yarn through to hang up in a window. Kids love these and the different colors look pretty in a window with light running through them.Easter Basket IdeasNow for simple and cheap Easter basket ideas. Get creative, Easter baskets don't need to be made out of just baskets... use a galvanized bucket, plastic shoe box decorated with stickers, a tote bag, etc.&nbsp; A basic container can be decorated and made festive with Easter decorations.And, for the Easter gift ideas for grandparents, have your kids use simple wicker baskets and decorate with colorful paper they've shredded themselves. They can glue pictures of themselves that you've photocopied onto the front of the baskets and fill with their grandparent's favorite goodies.Don't spend too much money on Easter baskets. Kids usually just tear this stuff up anyways, so go cheap and go to a Dollar store, or look in the dollar bins at your local discount retailer for fun little Easter basket stuffers. I like to give my kids cute hair barrettes and ribbons, yo-yo's, new tennis balls (strange, but they love these for some reason), cheap spiral notebooks to doodle on, crayons, play-doh, and anything else that I can think of that they like.Do include a gift or two that is both fun and educational, yet relatively inexpensive such as ant farms, butterfly habitats, lady bug habitats, etc.&nbsp; They'll love them!So, enjoy these Easter dinner recipes, Easter craft ideas, Easter gift ideas, and Easter basket ideas. They are sure to get you in the Easter mood and create many fun family traditions to enjoy for the years to come.	
		Easter is coming up in a couple of months, and you may be wondering how you are going to celebrate this year. Maybe you have children who still enjoy celebrating Easter and dressing up in Easter costumes, or maybe you have adult family members who just like to have dinner to be with on the holiday. Either way, if you need some ideas for how to celebrate, just keep reading!Get Easter portraits! Especially if you have children, Easter portraits are a great way to not only celebrate the holiday, but also to remember the special moments in your life. It is customary in many families for the girls to get a new Easter dress every year, and the boys to dress up in a suit and tie. Why not get a professional family portrait, or at least a portrait of the children, done to give you something to remember the occasion by?If you are more of the nontraditional type, you might want to consider instead having silly or cute portraits taken. For instance, you can buy infant Easter costumes online; just find a cute one and have the baby's portrait taken in the costume. Portraits of your kids playing with baby chicks or rabbits are also a favorite.Participate in a community Easter egg hunt. Most communities and churches have Easter egg hunts this time of year. During these events, the kids are given candy and other treats, and hunt for eggs (usually plastic eggs filled with treats and prizes). Check with your local community center, recreation center, or your church to find out whether there are any events like this you could attend.Sometimes community Easter egg hunts have an additional surprise: a visit from the Easter Bunny! There are plenty of Easter costumes available for rent locally or to purchase online, so often a parent or someone else dresses up as the Easter Bunny to surprise the kids.Alternatively, if you have older kids who think they are too old for the Easter Bunny, you may be able to engage them in the festivities by enlisting them to help hide Easter eggs for the smaller children to find, or perhaps even dress up as the Easter Bunny themselves!Dye Easter eggs. This used to be a traditional Easter celebration in most households. Unfortunately, with colored plastic eggs commercially available, which can be stuffed with candy and small prizes, most people forego this fun Easter tradition.Although you shouldn't hide hardboiled eggs, as they can spoil before they are found and maybe even make someone sick, most kids love to dye their own Easter eggs. The dye can be purchased at the store, or you can find some simple recipes for homemade dye online. After they have been dyed, the eggs should be stored in the refrigerator until they are eaten. Hardboiled, dyed Easter eggs make a great snack, and kids love knowing they dyed the eggs themselves!Have a picnic. An Easter picnic is a lot of fun for the adults as well as the kids. If the weather is nice enough, you can put together a special picnic lunch, find a nice spot, and eat together. For an extra special lunch, pack some of the Easter eggs you dyed in preparation for the holiday.Make a special dinner. A nice Easter dinner is a fairly traditional way to celebrate the holiday. It's not as big a deal as Christmas or Thanksgiving, but it's still a time for family and friends to come together and celebrate. For many people, roasted lamb is the traditional fare for Easter dinner, but in the United States ham is a more common and usually a less expensive choice. Pastries and breads are also often associated with Easter: For instance, pretzels were designed to represent a person crossing their arms across their torso to pray, and sweet breads have been served on Easter since pagan times.There are many fun ways to celebrate Easter. Whether traditional or novel, whether you go so far as to get Easter costumes or just dye some hardboiled eggs, Easter is best celebrated with friends and loved ones.	
		Easter gifts are pretty much a one time usable thing unless they're full of chocolate and candy because after that all the Easter dresses and wicker baskets, not to mention the Easter chickens and Easter bunny effigies are stored away and highly unlikely to be used again because next year, the whole spring season coupled with this holiday is likely to make you want to buy new stuff. A lot of people are likely to make an extended effort for Easter because although the holiday doesn't enjoy the same level of popularity as Christmas does, it's still one of those few holidays when families are highly likely to get together. the situation is somewhat dampened by the fact that that there are not nearly as many Easter gifts on sale as there are at Christmas time. While stores put out a huge variety of things for Christmas, there are not nearly as many Easter gifts and Easter decorations on sale and the Easter parties are often neglected.You can find Easter decorations but you'd be hard put to find a decent Easter gift to take with you if you're invited to Easter dinner at someone's home. There is usually the traditional Easter basket full of chocolate eggs and jelly beans but after people hit a certain age mark none of those things seem like an appropriate gift to exchange between adults.It's precisely this reason that food is such a gift item on Easter. There's something about Easter eggs boiled and decorated at home or simply chocolate and store bought, you know will be received warmly or at the very least they're something that you can't go wrong with. While few stores are likely to expand their range of items and merchandise for the Easter holiday and as ever Easter holiday shoppers will have to use bunny stickers to give most things an Easter look, there is still hope because a little effort in our Easter shopping can help us find all sorts of really great ideas for Easter that can be incorporated in different aspects of the holiday. Although companies are slow when it comes to Easter gifts, they're still evolving and things like Easter lights directly pluggable in your USB port are there for your tech crazed teen.However if you're looking for Easter gifts for kids or your mom or the hostess of the Easter hunt your kids will be going to a better option for Easter gifts could be fruit. While fruit alone is a great way to celebrate spring and Easter, there are many options in fruit available like fruit bouquets that can be found in Easter themes. Fruit baskets and fruit bouquets are available in a large variety for practically all occasions and can be found easily on line.There's no denying that all mothers will be highly likely to buy a special spring or Easter outfit for their kids but there is also no denying the fact that chocolate eggs and stuffed Easter bunnies don't make Easter gifts that are appropriate to give your mother or your neighbor or best friend which is why people search for better options and many find them.	
		A lot of parents wonder if they should buy Easter gifts for kids if they've already put smaller gifts inside the Easter eggs that their kids will find and open on Easter day. if you ask kids they'll demand that not only should they gets tons of Easter candy in their Easter eggs but that they should get separate Easter baskets full of other stuff they want.Most kids will be more than happy to provide you with a detailed list of 'other stuff' that you can put in their Easter baskets. However that pretty much just kills the whole spirit of Easter. It isn't even like you can take either one of the two things out of Easter but a lot of parents end up doing that because they can't figure out where or how to draw a line between the spirit of Easter and the mile long wish lists that kids manage to cook up.As far as Easter gifts are concerned, every kid deserves an Easter gift and combining an Easter gift with the Easter candy or the Easter chocolate is probably not a very good idea and is pretty much like filling the Christmas stockings but not putting anything under the tree. The thing is that as kids grow older the fascination with Easter crafts grows less for them and at one point or the other all parents will wonder how much longer they have until their kids forget all about it.Just to set things straight, kids don't forget holidays that have even the remotest potential to bring in gifts. Try making Easter a give and take situation. Lots of kids are known to groan in utter anguish when they're told they have to get dressed for a special Easter service and their disgruntled behavior lasts all through the car ride and sometimes even during the whole ceremony. Things like this and the subsequent deprivation of a decent Easter gift are more likely to distance kids from the holiday.This doesn't mean that you should bribe your kids with Easter chocolate, candy and other Easter gifts just to get them to take some sort of interest in the holiday. Parents tend to underestimate kids this way because holidays aren't about material things to them and they are just as likely to celebrate an event as the next person. The only problem is that parents expect their kids to still go nuts over a bunny suit and a basket full of egg shaped chocolates. A little positive re-enforcement on the holidays can do wonders. Instead of coercing the kids into going along with the Easter celebrations that you plan, ask them to plan something themselves. It could be anything like picking what to cook for Easter dinner or the Easter dessert.And don't keep the threat of 'if you don't enjoy Easter this year, you're not getting any presents next time' over their heads. It makes the Easter gifts sound all the more like a reward for compliance. Get them at least one thing that they wanted for Easter and let them know in advance that they're going to get more than chocolate eggs. If you have a family tradition of buying Easter clothes for the whole family, let the kids pick out whatever they like and don't get upset if what they pick out doesn't have a bunny on it.As kids grow up, their way of celebrating any holiday is more than likely to change, and expecting them to remain the same is unrealistic.	
		While we happily buy chocolate Easter bunnies, color eggs and hide them, and fill our Easter baskets, many people are unsure as to the origins of these Easter traditions. Whether you celebrate Easter as a religious holiday or the advent of Spring, or a combination of both, it can be fun to understand the origins and meanings behind these traditions, where some aspects of modern Easter celebrations even pre-date Christianity. Easter Bunny- This iconic symbol of Easter, is found everywhere in the spring. Whether made in chocolate, or a fluffy, full-sized costume, the Easter bunny signals the arrival of Easter. Hares and rabbits have long been symbols of fertility, so they have easily become associated with the renewal of life after a long winter. The inclusion of the hare into Easter customs appears to have originated in Germany. It was here where tales were told of an "Easter hare", who laid eggs for children to find, seems to have originated. German immigrants who came to America(particularly Pennsylvania), were the ones who brought the tradition with them, and spread it to a wider public. These early settlers also baked cakes for Easter in the shape of hares, and may have pioneered the practice of making chocolate bunnies and eggs. Easter Eggs- Next to the Easter bunny, the next recognizable symbol of the holiday must be Easter eggs. Historical records show that eggs have been viewed as symbols of new life and fertility through the ages. It is also believed that for this reason, many ancient cultures used eggs during their spring festivals. It is noted that eggs became part of the Easter celebration because they were forbidden during Lent. The eggs that were laid during that time were often boiled, or otherwise preserved. Because of this eggs were a mainstay of Easter meals, and a prized Easter gift for children and servants. There are many different traditions and practices that have formed around Easter eggs. Eggs are also used in various holiday games. These games include: an egg hunt (generally parents hide eggs for children to find), and egg rolls (rolling eggs down a hill for prizes). These traditions live on in modern-day Easter egg hunts, and egg rolls. The most famous egg roll takes place on the White House lawn every year. Different cultures have also used Easter eggs to symbolize various aspects of their beliefs. Orthodox Christians in the Middle East and in Greece, paint eggs bright red to symbolize the blood of Christ. In Armenia, hollow eggs (created by piercing the shell with a needle and blowing out the contents) are decorated with pictures of Christ, the Virgin Mary, and other religious figures. The traditions surrounding Easter eggs are as varied as the cultures that celebrate Easter. Easter Cards- Easter cards were first designed in Victorian England, when a stationer added a greeting to a drawing of a rabbit. The cards exploded in popularity as a way for people to send Easter greetings. According to major card manufacturers, Easter is now the fourth most popular holiday for sending cards, behind Christmas, Valentine's Day, and Mother's Day. Easter Parades- You may be surprised to learn that this tradition has long-standing origins. Early Christians wore white robes, all through Easter week, after their baptisms. This was meant to indicate their new lives. Those people had already been baptized wore new clothes instead to symbolize their sharing a new life with Christ. In Medieval Europe, churchgoers would take a walk after Easter Mass. This Easter "parade" was led by a crucifix, or the Easter candle. Today in many places around the world, these walks endure as Easter Parades.	
		Easter flowers have always brought beauty and spirituality to the special holiday. There are a variety of elegant and vibrant flowers that enhance the meaning of Easter. These flowers are used to decorate homes, churches, and are even given as gifts. They make for great table center piece for family and friends to enjoy while eating their delicious Easter dinner. When selecting the perfect flowers for your holiday celebration, it is important to know the types of flowers that are typically used to renew this meaningful occasion.1. Easter Lily - The Easter Lily is the most popular Easter flower. Although the traditional Easter lily is white with a bell-shaped flower, there are a number of different colors of lilies to choose from such as pink, white, yellow, and red orange. Originating in Japan, the Easter Lily symbolizes purity and renewal of Easter. Because of the shape of the Easter Lily's petals, Christians refer to them as the trumpet of God summoning Jesus to return.2. Hydrangeas - Another popular flower for the Easter holiday, the Hydrangea, is a short growing shrub with stunning blooms. This beautiful flower will bloom in the spring making it a great choice for the Easter holiday. The flower head of the hydrangea is big, round and consists of a number of differ color hues such as white, blue, and pink. It is a popular decorative flower for such places as a church and it is also a popular Easter gift, especially for hosts of Easter dinners.3. Daffodils - Daffodils, also known as Narcissus, are another popular Easter flower. This vibrant flower contains six petals which are yellow. Daffodils symbolize rebirth and eternal life which is relevant to the Christian meaning of Easter. Daffodils also bloom in the spring. According to Christian beliefs, the flower bloomed during Christ's resurrection.4. Tulips - The tulip is a popular flower that adds beautiful decor to Easter celebrations. The elegant tulip symbolizes the rebirth of spring and true love. This striking flower blooms in the spring and the flower itself has a teacup shape. Tulips are available in a broad spectrum of colors.5. Hyacinths - The Hyacinth is available in a variety of colors that include white, blue, purple, and pink. These gorgeous flowers are often used in Easter bouquets and as a table centerpiece. The flower petals are small and it blooms in the spring.6. Azaleas - Many people give Azaleas as an Easter gift. They are available in a variety of beautiful colors such as orange, white, red, and pink. They bloom around Easter time which makes them a popular choice for the holiday.When you ask people what they think of when they reflect upon Easter, many will say colored eggs and colorful Easter baskets. These are widely known Easter symbols; however, beautiful colorful flowers have had a long Easter history. When planning your Easter celebrations, consider including eye-catching flowers such as the traditional Easter Lily. It will make your holiday much more meaningful and memorable.	
		Easter -- a time of rebirth, regeneration, renewal -- is also a time for celebration, and many people find that wearing Easter jewelry is an apt thing to do during the season.  You can choose from among a wide selection of designs, from the solemn to the elegant to the carefree.  Whatever your personality may be, you can be sure that there's an accessory that's just right for the festivities on Easter Sunday.Easter conjures up images of rabbits and Easter eggs, as well as traditions associated with Easter.  Most notable of these traditions is the Easter Monday Egg Roll held annually at the White House, which is supervised by the First Lady.  Celebrities and politicians also turn out to watch the children roll Easter eggs on the south lawn of the White House.  Of course, you don't have to have celebrity status or be a person of prestige to look good during Easter or any other holiday.  With Easter jewelry, a person could look his or her best and not break the bank by doing so.Earrings, necklaces, rings, bracelets or brooches with Easter-themed or religiously inspired designs are common sights during the season.  Necklaces with cross pendants or images of saints would be appropriate for Easter worship or mass.  Bracelets and earrings that have dangling crosses are also seen on women, as are brooches and pins with similar designs.  Men are also seen wearing accessories with religious motifs: cross cuff links and iconic medallions and bracelets.When it comes to Easter festivities, you can look fun-filled and carefree depending on your attire and choice of accessories.  Stretch bracelets with rabbit or egg charms are attractive and eye-catching, and many of them are inexpensive to boot!  Similarly, you can get more into the spirit of the season by giving Easter jewelry to friends and family: charm bracelets are great gifts for kids, while adult recipients would perhaps appreciate brooches or pendants.  Teenagers and other young people, on the other hand, would probably enjoy Easter-themed belly button rings or toe rings.You don't need to spend a large amount of money to give Easter jewelry gifts.  Many of them are available in specialty stores and costume jewelry stores for just a few dollars, but even with the low price, you can be assured of attractive and whimsical designs and satisfactory workmanship.  Of course, if you have a bit of extra money to spend on Easter jewelry, you can always avail of them from fine jewelers.  And what's great is that some fine jewelers have a philanthropic streak in them -- they donate part of the price you pay for an item to a charitable cause.One classic and classy piece of Easter jewelry that you can buy for yourself or for others is a Faberge-style Easter egg accessory.  Carl Faberge was a famous jeweler in Russia, and the jeweled eggs he created, made with precious gems and metals, were much in demand among the Russian royalty and elite.  Today, there are contemporary Easter egg jewelry pieces that follow the Faberge pattern and style.Whether you are attending mass on Easter Sunday, or participating in an Easter parade, or watching kids have fun at the White House Easter Monday Egg Roll -- or all of the above! -- wearing Easter jewelry is a great way to express and celebrate the meaning of Easter.	
		When you are looking for a great idea for unique Easter gifts, there are resources available for you, especially online, that will show you a plethora of options that are unique, high quality, and perfect for your holiday, no matter for whom it is that you need to give Easter gifts.If you share a religious preference with the person you are shopping for, shopping for Easter gifts will likely be a simple task.  There is a wide range of Easter gifts that you can find online and choose the religious Easter gift you might like.  But remember, not all people who are religious or spiritual need religious Easter gifts, you can just as easily purchase a fine gift basket with a wonderful assortment of candies for a religious person to celebrate the holiday.  Find Easter gifts that you never would have thought you could find before, whether the Easter gifts' theme is religious or not.There are many different kinds of Easter gifts for children, including great tasting assortments of sugar-free candies for diabetic children or children whose parents would prefer that they do not eat too much sugar as a rule.There are many traditional Easter gifts as well, things like egg dying kits that you can give to someone to make his or her own Easter decorations.  Help your friends prepare for the big Easter egg hunt by providing him or her with an Easter gift that includes egg design kits.Certain egg design kits are also perfect for the kids too!  Have some family fun and decorate your Easter eggs together.  All you need are a few simple items and you can let the fun begin.  All you need, except the eggs, of course, are typically included in Easter gifts such as egg decorating kits.When you have no ideas for original Easter gifts check out the wide variety of options that will make great and impressive Easter gifts.  You can find Easter gifts such as decorations for the lawn or park to set up during an Easter egg hunt.  Or religious Easter gifts to put outside the home.  There are banners of all kinds, as well as lawn pieces to choose from and more.Whatever Easter gifts you purchase this year, make sure that you have the very best Easter gifts possible and you will impress your friends and family members.   And most importantly, you will put a wide smile on their faces when you give your friends and family Easter gifts you know they will love.	
		Easter EggsEaster would not be Easter without Easter eggs. This symbol has been a part of this spring time holiday for generations. Easter Egg decorating is something that we all love to do and various countries and cultures each have, over the years, developed their own unique ways of making Easter eggs and special and memorable part of this holiday. Traditionally given as gifts, lets take a look to see how different countries have developed different styles of Easter egg decorating based on their own unique culture.Poland-Polish Easter eggs come in several different types depending on how the Easter egg is created. There are various ways these can be created one way is by boiling the egg in a mixture of plants to create a particular color, the color depends on the blanks used. Brown is created by boiling the eggs in onion peels, black, oak or alder bark or walnut. This process is called Kraszanki, malowanki or byczki and these types of polish Easter eggs take their name from it.After the eggs have finished boiling and are dyed designs are carved into them by scratching the surface of the egg with a sharp tool, this takes off the dye in the scrapped areas creating a white design. Pisanki are created by either drawing within a coating of wax placed over the egg or by drawing with wax the egg is then placed into a dye bath. These are traditionally handed out on Easter Sunday and shared during a meal.The Ukraine Easter egg is created in a very similar process to the Polish Easter egg however the designs are usually complex geometric shapes, works of art in themselves, they are given as gifts of great honor during the Easter holiday season. Greece- Traditional Greek Easter eggs are dyed a solid red to symbolize the resurrection and how Christ's blood washed away the sins of man.Germany and Austria- These two closely related countries share a common and diverse culture reflected in their Easter egg practices, These two countries share a common practice of decorating hollow eggs or passing green eggs out on the Thursday after Easter Sunday.British Isles- Here Easter egg decorating shows up in a variety of styles and colors, usually far simpler than Eastern Europe's practices, however, the British have something truly unique to do with their Easter Eggs, they roll them, the object, is to make it down the hill rolling your egg without breaking it.The United States is truly a melting pot, here people of all nations and cultures gather so naturally reflected in our Easter Eggs, a prime example the White House Egg Roll. Obviously the modern day easter egg has become a chocolate creation rather than the more traditional decorative one. That said many countries still carry on the tradition of the easter egg hunt. However if you were to ask people in the street what their idea of an easter egg is you would probably find that they would say the chocolate easter eggs.	
		For those of you looking forward to Easter time, the one thing that makes Easter incredibly special are decorated Easter cookies. Just like Christmas cookies have become a staple of Christmas time, so have Easter cookies become a part of Easter tradition. There are many great ways to adorn the Easter season and decorated Easter cookies are just one of them. Here are some tips on putting smiles on the faces of your children or friends this Easter season.Decorated Easter Cookies Come in Many Shapes and SizesDecorated Easter cookies can come in many shapes and sizes and if you can conceptualize it you can truly prepare it. For most people Easter is associated with bunnies, rabbits, chicks, lambs and Easter eggs. For the most part you can usually find most of these shapes and more in the form of cookie cutters.Cookie cutters are usually easy to purchase at all discount shops, supermarkets, and craft shops. Or you can generally make them yourself- you just need some pliable metal and an idea. If you don't have a cookie cutter, no big deal. In fact a lot of people that are artistically gifted choose to cut their own shapes out of cookie dough by hand, without using any cookie cutter.Decorated Easter Cookies Start Out with Delectable Cookie DoughThe most essential thing about the embellished Easter cookies that you create is that must taste just as great as they look. No one likes a nasty tasting cookie. For many chefs, a great cookie begins with delicious cookie dough. Yes, you can purchase the dough already pre-made and ready to cut, but for the purists out there, start with a family recipe that is either chocolate chip or of the sugar cookie variety.Decorate Your Cookie Using the Tools of the TradeIt's easy to adorn your Easter cookies, just make sure you have all the accessories of the trade. They usually include, food coloring, colored icing, sprinkles, delicious candies such as licorice, M&amp; M's, nuts, marshmallows, etc. Once you have gotten the cookie shape, let yourself or your kids use their creative magic to make cutely decorated Easter cookies. You can find food coloring and many cool decorating accessories at your local grocery store. You can even purchase pre-made Easter embellishments to add to your cookies, cakes or Easter eggs.Presentation is KeyOnce your newly designed Easter cookies are finished, make sure to show them off to the rest of the family and even give them away to your coworkers and friends. Savor the Easter spirit by showcasing your delicious and beautiful decorated Easter cookies.One creative idea is to take some photographs of your adorned Easter cookies and include them in your annual Easter scrapbook, so you can always look back at the delicious and beautifully adorned Easter cookies that you have made.You can also print the cookie recipe on an attractive recipe card and include a photo of your Easter cookies to give to family and friends. Most everyone appreciates handmade gifts, especially when it's a beloved family recipe.If you are looking to magnify your gratification of Easter this year, take part in creating wonderfully decorated Easter cookies.	
		Flowers play an important role during the Easter season. Some flowers are even called Easter flowers because of the significance and symbology they hold in relating to this time of year. Most common is the Easter lily; these white flowers represent the spiritual essences of not just the Christian holiday of Easter but the older more traditional meaning. They are the delicate embodiment of renewed life, hope and purity.Easter lilies are the most frequently associated Easter flower and are a native of the Ryukyu Islands in southern Japan, however the US currently controls the growth market of the Easter lily. Currently the most commonly found and grown Easter lily is a variety known as Nellie white, this variety has the traditional Easter flower shape of large, white, trumpet shaped flowers. These Easter flowers are also often called the "white robed apostles of hope" and are found on altars everywhere during the Easter season.Easter lilies are not the only Easter flowers, in the United Kingdom and Russia it's the pussy willow that is there traditional Easter flower. Another still commonly found Easter flower is the Narcissus. Commonly given flowers at Easter time are Daffodils, tulips and in Germany some types of red flowers, red symbolizing the blood of Christ.Still out of all the Easter flowers the Easter lily reigns supreme mentioned many times in the bible, from the Garden of Eden to the Sermon on the Mount, the traditional Easter lily has been mentioned. Lilies have often played a significant role in allegorical tales and are related to motherhood and is closely associated with the Virgin Mary, paintings show the Angel Gabriel offering Mary lilies, when he came to speak to her passing the message that she was to the be mother of Christ. Some legends state that when the Virgin Mary's tomb was visited three days after her burial just like with her son, it was empty of her body and only bunches of lilies remained.Lilies are often associated with the Annunciation, or the resurrection of the Virgin, tying them in closely with the spirit of Easter. Another reason why flowers are bulb flowers like the lily are closely associated with Easter is the type of care they require, bulb plants need a freeze in order to bloom successfully, this ties in perfectly with the traditional meaning of the Easter season. After the frozen time of winter they are renewed and reborn, just as people of ancient times believed spring to be. The pure white color and gentle tones remind us of the innocence and purity of renewed and new life.As such Easter lilies make the perfect Easter flower. They bring together traditions of the old and the new, representing both worlds and means for the Easter holiday season. They are also a great Easter gift that keeps on giving year after year. Less often used flowers are the chrysanthemum, carnation, daisy and even sunflowers have found their way into the Easter flower tradition.	
		Easter could actually be considered the candy eating day of the year after Halloween. And it is not exactly surprising that Americans actually consumed seven billion dollar worth of candies in a year. According to National Confectioners' Association, Americans consumed about two billion worth of Easter candy and it was over two billion dollars. For Christmas, we spend about one and a half billion dollars while for Valentine's Day, it was about one billion dollars.The figures are really huge. About ninety million chocolate Easter bunnies are produced every year. And yes, as for adults about sixty five percent prefer milk chocolates as compared to twenty seven percent that prefer dark chocolate.There is whole lot of statistics about Easter candy. Americans buy over seven hundred million Marshmallow Peeps every year in Easter season. They are in the shapes of Bunnies, eggs and chicks. It is no surprise that Marshmallow Pips are the most popular Easter candy in the non-chocolate category. Data suggests that yellow peeps are the most popular and then pink, lavender, blue and white. With the popularity of Easter candy increasing every year, candy makers providing a lot of variety in Easter products. M&amp;M's in the early 80s started coming out in pastel spring colors. With increased popularity of Easter candy, many supermarkets have increased (even doubled) the space for Easter candy. The most surprising thing is that Easter candy is not an old tradition. Europe saw the first and the most popular Easter candy, chocolate eggs in the early 1800s.Our old traditions included hot cross buns for Easter treats. These were made by European monks and were given to the needy. You would be surprised to know that pretzels actually were first of all associated with Easter. It was thought that the twists of pretzels resemble arms crossed in prayer. If you feel that your kids might have too much of Easter candy, you can always come out with some non candy substitutes for Easter. So, you can fill the Easter baskets with movie passes, baseball cards, crayons, stuffed animals or balls. We are talking about non edible items essentially. But yes, your kid would surely be disappointed with not getting any candies. After all Easter has always been known for Easter candy and your kids must be expecting Easter candy from you also. But health of kids comes first. So, you make a fine balance between the two.It is not a surprise that Easter is our national candy eating day. You take the name of Easter and there are two things that come to mind-Easter eggs and Easter candy. With increased consumer awareness, there are whole lots of varieties in the field of Easter candy. You can have your pick as per your individual tastes. If you are thinking of someone with diabetes, you can also opt for sugar free Easter candy. It tastes very good and it also does not affect your health. So, the next time you go to a store, ask for Easter candy that suits you the best.	
		It's Easter 2010! Cherished time to celebrate Christ resurrection...Our Life Savior Our Lord, feasting and gathering with family and friends. Welcome springtime festivals with the blossoming Tulips, Daffodils, and Crocuses, in blossoming hues. Enjoy the Easter egg hunts and gift colored eggs to your loved ones, representing the sunlight of spring. Get dressed in "Sunday Best" and relish on the yummy chocolate treats. Watch furry Bunnies, marshmallow chicks and chocolate Rabbits hop and skip, as you cheer in Easter holiday season.It's springtime, when earth gets ready for self-renewal, hues of blooming flowers fills the brightness and fragrance everywhere. Attending church services in new attire and joyful time wholly makes this day grand and unique.So, what are your plans on this Easter Sunday? What Easter gifts are you planning for? 
If, you haven't made up your mind, yet then we give you host of Easter Gift ideas.Delight and amaze your beloved, pals, family, acquaintances and peers, this Easter Sunday and bring smile on their face with amazing Easter Gifts, which will be cherished for long and bring you close to them. Send your sweetheart, Bunny Love Easter gift basket assorted with fabulous goodies like sweets, jelly beans, colored eggs and treats that will convey your emotions of love and affections in great taste! Enchant your close buddies with gift basket filled with Easter sweets, toys, games, and scrumptious chocolate fudge cakes- when this gift basket will reach their doorsteps to convey your best wishes, your bond of friendship will strengthen.Diary with key chain, fashion pen, glitter jump rope along with Easter chocolates, bunnies and colored eggs, all dolled up in wooden Easter basket with flower accents is perfect Easter gift for the girls."Boys will be Boys" and this Easter pamper them with the assortment traditional Easter sweets Nickelodeon watch, magnetic travel games, 3-D magic cube, candy bubbles, book of games and activities, mini hand held video game, sports playing cards and more! Stuff all this cool goodies in gift basket.Wish your peers and associates 'grand' Easter, with popular wines elegantly styled with rich aromas that express style and grace in dark fruit flavors in the elegant Easter wine gift basket. Fill it with cheeses, crackers, candies, chocolates, and cookies.Kids will just loveee it... chocolate chips, cherry candy, video games, Easter eggs, coloring and activity book with crayons. All this will simply delight them.'Springtime Floral wreaths,' made of flowers, leaves can be gifted to all. It's ornamental and can be hanged on the doors, walls, table and decorated as centerpieces in the house. Made of fresh spring flowers like Tulips, Irises, Daffodils, Crocuses, Hyacinths- Easter Wreath is the perfect gift to be presented. They are budding, fragrant and rejuvenating, perfectly put on display the essence of Easter.Make Easter terrific with array of beautiful and elegant, Easter Cards and present it to your friends, family, and lover. Miss you and belated cards are also available in the markets as per the popular demands. Through Easter ecards and greeting cards send your best wishes of cheers, joys and happiness galore all around.	
		On Easter weekend those of the Christian faith (Catholics, Orthodox, Protestants, Anglicans, Baptists...) celebrate the crucifixion and the resurrection of Jesus Christ.Thus, Easter is the most important Christian celebration of the year.In the Germanic languages, "Easter" - also called "Pascha" - was taken from "Eastre", the Saxon goddess associated to the Spring. Indeed, many years ago, the Saxons celebrated the god of the Spring, called "Eostre" and held festivals every year to celebrate the Spring Equinox, when the day and the night were equal length.These festivals were celebrated to ensure fertility across both the land and people.The Saxons converted to Christianity and the name of their celebration became "Easter" in order to celebrate both the Spring and the religious Pascha times. The idea behind the two occasions is different, but they share common symbols and traditions that people still use today.Since many centuries, in addition to the religious Easter traditions people celebrate the festive Easter season by organizing family gatherings, giving presents, sending greeting cards and much more.Easter, both religious and popular has its symbols. Here are a few ones:The Easter BellsIn some European countries, Easter bells have a great symbolic aspect. In the ancient times, the bells of our churches were ringing every day of the year to invite people to attend the mass, to celebrate a royal wedding, the birth of a prince, or for any other public event.Since Jesus died on Good Friday and resurrected on Easter Sunday, stop ringing for these three days and leave our countries for Rome. Bells will ring again on Easter Sunday, returning from Rome where they have been blessed by the pope and brought Easter eggs.Besides Jesus' resurrection, they also symbolize the rebirth of the Spring.The Easter EggsThe use of eggs in celebration existed long before our modern day observance.Indeed, in Egypt and ancient Persia, people were used to dye eggs with the colors of the spring and gave them to their relatives. Eggs were considered as symbols of rebirth.Centuries ago, Christian people gathered on the public places and were looking for eggs: after the privations of Lent, Christians appreciated to eat those eggs. It was the forerunner of our Easter egg hunt.The Easter ChickenWhere do the eggs come from? From the chicken... so, as the chicken gives her eggs (decorated or not) it's an essential Easter symbol.The Easter chicken custom is popular in many countries but originated from Austria. Today, it is often symbolized by a chicken made out of chocolate.The Easter BunnyThe rabbit was the symbol of Eastre, the Saxon goddess. The idea of the rabbit as a part of Christian tradition was introduced in colonial days by the Germans.The hare and the rabbit were associated to the Easter eggs for the first time in Alsace and Germany six centuries ago.In some countries, Children are taught that the Easter Bunny brings treats on the night before Easter.The LambIn the New Testament, Jesus is often identified with the lamb, and especially the paschal lamb, as there is a parallel between his death and that of the paschal lamb - the lamb, is sacrificed in both western and eastern religions. By the blood of Jesus Christ, the people of God is released from death and can enter into a new life.And so, in many countries, people eat a leg of lamb on Easter Sunday.The CrossThe symbol of the cross has been associated with Christianity and Easter since the first centuries after Jesus' death. The cross was a symbol of Jesus, who died to save all those who receive baptism, it was also a symbol of cruelty throughout the Roman Empire.Today Christians view the cross as a symbol of courage and salvation.The lilyThis flower; which is also an Easter symbol, is a Japanese flower. The lily is the symbol of the arrival of the Spring, purity and holiness. This flower is known for its beauty and its pride.A legend says that at the time Jesus went to a place, all the flowers, plants and animals bowed to his passage, except the lilies: they were too proud.But when the lilies saw Jesus on the cross, their head bent and since that day, they continue to bend their head as a sign of respect.The Easter WaterIt is an old custom that disappears...Early in the morning, before sunrise, people went to the river and brought several gallons water. The Easter water and a branch that people received at the church on the Sunday before Easter Sunday were used the bless the home and protect it against bad weather. People also drank this water to cure diseases.Happy Easter!	
		Organising an Easter party can be as much fun as the party itself. With a bit of careful planning and a good dose of creativity all parents can give the perfect Easter party for family and friends.Step 1 - Make sure you know the Date of EasterSounds easy, but the date of Easter moves each year. Make sure you know when to hold your Easter party before sending out invitations to friends and family.Step 2 - Make Easter Invitations for Family and FriendsMaking home made invitations is a great way of getting kids involved from the start.Armed with cardboard, pens, glue, glitter, tissue paper, rubber stamps etc., you can spend an afternoon with your children making Easter themed invitations for your guests.Card for the invitations could be cut into Easter shapes (chicks, bunnies, eggs) and decorated. Or, simply folded and decorated with Easter themes. Remember not to hold back with creativity - give your kids a few ideas and let them go for it.Make sure to include in your invitation details of any theme your party may have. Also let your guests know if you are holding a competition (egg painting, Easter bonnet, fancy dress) and whether they should be making something to bring with them to be judged on the day.Step 3 - Plan your Easter PartyPlanning ahead is essential for things to go smoothly on the day.Know how many guests you are expecting. Always have enough food, presents etc. available for the unexpected guest(s) who show up.Decide how you will cater for everyone. Will you prepare a full meal, a buffet or a barbecue? Make sure you have a good mix of food and drink that appeals to the children and their parents. Get your children and their friends involved in making Easter treats for the day.  Easter cup cakes and decorated cookies can be prepared in advance.Do any of your guests have special dietary or other requirements? Taking the time to find out and cater for these really makes a difference to your guests.Decide on your Easter party games. Traditional games that appeal to the young (and young at heart) include Easter egg hunts, egg decorating, an Easter bonnet competition, egg rolling races, fancy dress competitions. Let your guests know in advance if there is anything that they need to bring on the day.Make sure you have everything you need for each game or Easter activity. Prepare your clues or treasure map for you Easter egg hunt. Hard boil or blow eggs for egg decorating. Start collecting items of old clothing for fancy dress parades.Stock up on Easter eggs and prizes. To avoid disappointment it is a good idea to have a few spare toys, books, sweets tucked away in case of emergencies.Plan how to prepare and decorate your home and garden for your Easter party. Make sure your garden is clear of potential threats to children searching out Easter eggs. Clear weeds, nettles and thorns from any areas they will have access to. Get your children involved in making decorations for the home and garden. You could decorate balloons to look like Easter eggs, make Easter banners and collect spring flowers and twigs to decorate your home.Step 4 - Enjoy your Easter PartyHaving prepared so carefully for your party you should find that preparations on the day of your party run like clockwork. Leaving you plenty of time to welcome your guests and join in with all the fun.	
		Easter is a big holiday, but few know all about its origin. We know that the Easter bunny comes on Easter and delivers eggs, but where did such a tradition come from? The following article will answer those questions and satisfy our personal curiosity, and give you the knowledge to answer children's many questions on the holiday. Here is some general information on Easter itself, the Easter Bunny, and the tradition of Easter eggs.EasterEaster, while gaining popularity as a secular holiday with the Easter Bunny and Easter eggs, is primarily an important Christian holiday. Easter is connected to the resurrection of Jesus Christ, which happened over a three day period according to Christian faith. The day Jesus was crucified is called Good Friday, and Easter Sunday itself takes place on the day he came back to life.Unlike the other big Christian holiday Christmas, Easter does not have a fixed date. Instead, according to Wikipedia, it falls on or after the winter equinox, March 21. From there it is calculated following the cycle of the moon. Because of this volitality, sometimes different types of Christians celebrate Easter on difference days, depending on if they are Orthodox, Catholic, or something else.The Easter BunnyThe legend of the Easter Bunny says a rabbit brings gifts to children the night before Easter Sunday. Specifically he brings colorful eggs and candy. As for where this idea originated, that is unknown. One theory, according to Wikipedia, is that the bunny originated with a spring children's game in the 1700's where a being named the Oschter Haws would leave colorful eggs for good children in a nest they had built out of garments. Supposedly, over the years this idea has evolved into the more famous egg hunt.You may have noticed that Easter decorations overwhelmingly involve the bunny rabbit, with stuffed bunnies, bunny figurines, and tons of other bunny-related items. As for why a rabbit was chosen to represent Easter, this is because few animals symbolize the season of spring better. The bunny is known for its extraordinary fertility, and spring is a time of new life, as everything begins to bloom again. This is why the Easter Bunny seems so appropriate for this spring holiday.The Easter EggsFertility really is one of the main themes of spring, which is why eggs are also an icon of the Easter holiday. The new life theme is so important that people didn't stop with just eggs, many decorations also include little chicks and plush ducks too.Though fertility seems to be something of a pagan idea, the egg tradition also has its roots in Christianity. The blood of Jesus was said to have spread over some eggs that were placed at the bottom of the cross he was on, where it painted the eggs red. So that's where the idea of painting the eggs came from. In fact, further in to the tradition, once the eggs have been painted red, Christians were supposed to tap them and say an Easter incantation praising Jesus' resurrection.Obviously, the color choices for the eggs have evolved from the original red to multi-colored, and often pastel, but you can see where the tradition originally came from. In fact, the egg tapping itself has transformed into a different game where you tap until you find the hardest egg. In this game, the egg that survives the most taps without breaking wins.So there you have it! The holiday of Easter has a long and interesting tradition that has evolved greatly overtime. Now that you are armed with the knowledge, you'll be able to answer any questions those curious children you know may have. This will also help you find the most appropriate stuffed bunnies and bunny figurines to mimic the Easter Bunny. Have a happy holiday!	
		Edible Easter crafts are a fun activity for kids of all ages.&nbsp;These Easter recipes are a great way to spend some quality family time together and satisfy everyone's sweet tooth.&nbsp;So get out the Easter candies, get ready to bake and let's make some edible Easter treats.
&nbsp;
Easter Craft Idea #1
&nbsp;
Edible Easter crafts are always a favorite in our house.&nbsp;Not only do we have a blast making these items but eating them is just as much fun.&nbsp;One of our favorites is an edible bird's nest.&nbsp;This is a finger licking good craft project for kids of all ages.
&nbsp;
How to Make an Edible Birds Nest
&nbsp;
Supplies
&nbsp;
Chocolate Cake Mix
Paper cup cake holders
Cup Cake Pan
Crumbly Chocolate Bars (like Butterfingers)
Easter Candy Eggs
Marshmallow Peeps
Frosting
&nbsp;
Bake the cupcakes as directed and let cool.&nbsp;Give each child a cupcake, candy bars, Easter candy eggs, frosting and peeps.&nbsp;Have the kids frost their cupcake and then add the crumbly chocolate bar (breaking into stick like pieces) around the outer edge to form the nest.&nbsp;Then add Easter egg candies and the marshmallow peeps.&nbsp;These cute nests are totally edible and will look great at your Easter dinner table.
&nbsp;
Edible Easter Craft Idea #2
&nbsp;
This Easter egg "treat" tree is easy, inexpensive and delicious.
&nbsp;
How to Make an Egg Treat Tree
&nbsp;
Supplies
&nbsp;
Broken Tree Branch or Sticks
Empty Plastic Container (like from margarine)
Floral Foam or Styrofoam ball
Plastic Easter Eggs
Easter Candy
Ribbon
Hot Glue
Construction Paper
&nbsp;
Decorate the outside of your plastic container by covering with colored construction paper.&nbsp;Place the floral foam in the container and stick your tree branch part way through the foam.&nbsp;Fill up several plastic eggs with Easter Candy.&nbsp;Hot glue a piece of ribbon to the top of the Easter egg.&nbsp;Hot glue a loop at the top of the ribbon and hang on the branch.&nbsp;Repeat adding eggs until you have a fun and tasty looking "treat" tree.&nbsp;Place this cute little tree out where everyone can grab an egg for their tasty treat.
&nbsp;
&nbsp;
Edible Easter Craft Idea #3
&nbsp;
Have a wiggly, jiggly good time with jell-o mold Easter treats.
&nbsp;
How to Make Jell-o Easter Treats
&nbsp;
Supplies
&nbsp;
Easter Shapes Jell-o Mold
Jell-o
Cool Whip
Easter Candies
&nbsp;
Make up the jell-o and pour into the mold.&nbsp;Let this set up.&nbsp;Then remove from the mold and set them on the plates.&nbsp;Plop on some whip cream and get ready to decorate.&nbsp;Using the Easter candies, decorate your jell-o Easter shape.&nbsp;For Easter eggs use different colored candy to make them colorful.&nbsp;For Easter animal shapes, add candies for the ears, eyes, nose and mouth.&nbsp;Eat right away or refrigerate for later.
&nbsp;
These tasty edible Easter crafts will have you and your kids "hopping" with tons of fun.&nbsp;Although edible crafts are fun and yummy, they won't last long.&nbsp;So don't forget to make some Easter crafts for kids using other craft supplies so you can decorate your house with these crafts your kids make.&nbsp;	
		Easter Sunday is a holiday much anticipated by kids. After all, they get to hang out with friends and family, play games, eat candy and other treats, and even get presents! Of course, unfortunately for us adults, we're the ones who have to provide all the fun. Instead of carefree enjoyment of the holiday, we get responsibility. It can be exhausting to have to find the perfect Easter kid's gifts, and make sure we come in within budget. Luckily, this article is here to help. Here you'll get fun ideas for Easter presents, which can either be wrapped individually or put together in a great Easter basket!Sweets, Candy and other GoodiesEaster is a great time of the year for candy. Tasty, holiday-appropriate treats are released in droves. There are chocolate eggs, jelly beans, marshmallow chicks, and that all-important staple: the chocolate Easter bunny. In fact, if you're just giving out small favors, the chocolate Easter bunny can be a great choice. Another option would be to fill a medium-sized plastic egg with jellybeans, or some other treat. The possibilities are endless. Candy is also a great filler for an Easter basket, whether you want nothing but treats in the basket, or want to fill the edges around another gift. Candy is something that both kids and adults would enjoy, so it's hard to go wrong.Games and DVD'sGames and DVDs can of course be given as an individual present, but they are even more fun as part of an Easter basket. And although Easter movies are not as popular as Christmas movies, properly themed films and shows are available. For example, Chicken Little, Dora the Explorer, and many other cartoons do have Easter specials. In fact, if you know what the child's favorite cartoon or television show is, you could find the corresponding Easter special and have a fantastic gift. Alternatively, Easter-themed games can also be a great addition to any basket. And once the child hasn't gotten the gift, they have instant entertainment for your Easter get together, giving all the adults a break!Activity Books and Art SuppliesEaster is a holiday that can really spark some artistic creativity. After all, egg painting is probably the number one holiday activity among children. So getting activity books and art supplies can be a great follow-up. Put together a box of crayons, some colored construction paper and craft kits and you have a great gift. Or, there are many Easter-themed pop up activity books or coloring books. For example, a coloring or activity book that follows the Easter Bunny on an adventure, or one that shares the story behind Easter. Once again, these items can be given individually, or part of a basket. Either way, it's another great way to keep the kids entertained and make you their favorite gift-giver.Easter OutfitsThis can be tricky, especially if you're trying to find the right size, but it can be a lot of fun as well. For example, get them a pair of cute bunny ears, because most of these would come in one size fits all. Or you could get them adorable Easter printed dresses or t-shirts. There are a lot of choices available, and most of them are very budget friendly. Don't forget that children love costumes, so this could be a really fun, really unique, gift idea!Stuffed AnimalsWho doesn't love stuffed animals? We're definitely saving the best for last! Plush toys are hugely in demand during the Easter season. The most obvious example of a good stuffed animal gift would be a plush bunny. After all, Easter is personified with the character of the Easter Bunny, what better way to represent him then with a small, furry, doppelganger? In fact, a rabbit would make a great centerpiece for your Easter Basket. But if the bunny isn't for you, there are other animals that are traditionally associated with Easter. These are chicks and ducklings. In fact, if you are making a smaller basket, this can be a great option. A baby plush chick or a little baby duck would make a very cute basket centerpiece. Any of these plush animals can also be given as a great individual present. But don't forget, there's no reason you have to be this limited when it comes to stuffed animals. Pick one that you'd know they'd like and you'll have a super fun gift!So there you go, all those ideas should give you something to work with and take some of the stress off for us adults! You can find an individual gift or a gift basket for practically any budget, and have a truly happy Easter!	
		Easter has long been a time for celebration. The origins of Easter celebrations can be traced back to Pagan times when the Spring Equinox festival held every year celebrated new life and new beginnings. Since Pagan times the traditions of Easter have changed and developed into the modern practices we have today.Although current Easter celebrations may differ from Pagan times, there are some similarities with both the Pagan and Christian view that the egg is a symbol of fertility and new beginnings. For Christians this is also linked with the Resurrection of Christ.The way Easter is celebrated today is simply a progression of Christian beliefs, and the symbolism of the egg has developed into many different forms; including the egg shaped chocolates that many people across the globe enjoy every year.As Easter is a source for celebration it means this time of year is one where you may be on the lookout for chocolate Easter eggs; along with other sweet delights to offer as gifts.Furthermore, the Easter egg hunt is a traditional game that many households in various countries across the world enjoy. This long running practice involves hiding chocolate eggs and other treats in various places; and either using clues to find the goodies or simply starting the hunt without them.Easter egg hunts shouldn't be restricted to children alone, as teenagers and grown up's enjoy the fun too. It's easy to simply adjust Easter egg hunts for the older ones and you could add other grown-up treats to the usual fare of chocolate gifts and eggs.If you are thinking of hosting an Easter egg hunt or any other Easter themed party or event, then you will need to stock up on chocolate Easter eggs and other confectionery treats. One clever way of ensuring you have enough chocolate treats to go around is by investing in a chocolate Easter hamper, many of which contain a selection of different products.You can also find hampers containing different types and sizes of Easter eggs, which are perfect for a range of different ages.If you're looking for the perfect Easter treat for your partner, friends or family then you might want to consider buying a luxury Easter egg that is just that little bit more special than the standard options. As such, the luxury versions are usually packaged accordingly and you may even find some are presented in tins.The type of Easter gifts given tend to vary depending on which part of the world you are - with chocolate eggs occurring as a common gift.France has held on to its traditions by giving eggs, typically the chocolate kind, on Easter day. In Italy on Easter Sunday all members of the family exchange Easter eggs containing special gifts that are actually placed inside the egg.Whatever type of Easter gift you give or receive, you can be sure that it will be in the form of chocolate in some description.	
		The Easter basket is the quintessential symbol of the religious holiday that takes place two days after Good Friday each year. Well, that and the Easter Bunny. Easter baskets, overflowing with chocolate bunnies, jelly bean-filled plastic eggs and other delightful candy treasures, remain one of the most popular children's holiday gifts in modern day history, second only to Christmas presents and Halloween candy most likely.According to the National Confectioners Association (NCA), a survey showed that chocolate bunnies are the most popular Easter basket item for children and adults - some 90 million are produced and sold every year. Jelly beans come in second with around 16 billion being sold annually. These are obvious choices for Easter basket filling, but what else do you include in an Easter basket to make it truly kiddo-approved and thoroughly enjoyable for the little ones?Here is a list of the top ten best items for a children's Easter basket to get you started. You can pick and choose from this list - don't feel like you have to include them all! Remember to mix it up and make it fun. And don't forget to hide the Easter basket for the kids to find in the morning!Jelly Belly&reg; Jelly BeansA staple in any Easter basket, the original gourmet jelly beans are second to none in flavor. Check out the website to see all the variations and flavors (including Sours, Sunkist, Cold Stone Creamery ice cream flavors, sugar-free and more), or go to your local confectioner's store (there's a store locator on the website) to assemble a homemade assortment of your child's most favorite flavors.Chocolate bunniesAh, another staple on any children's Easter basket, the chocolate bunny. Whether you splurge on bunnies from See's Candies, or other gourmet chocolatiers, or just pick some up at the local drug store, a chocolate bunny is a necessity for a kid's Easter basket. Does your child start with the ears or the feet? According to the NCA, 76% of Americans say the ears should be eaten first!&nbsp; Personalized M&amp;MsYou pick the colors and you pick the messaging - we recommend putting your child's name on the candy as there is limited space. Your kids will love how cool these personalized M&amp;Ms are.&nbsp;Candy-filled eggsBuy some of those plastic pastel-colored eggs and fill 'em to the brim with Easter candy. Try using mini-chocolate eggs, jelly beans, mini-varieties of things like Reese's Peanut Butter Cups or candy bars, or you could even stick some dollar bills in there!Marshmallow PeepsWhat would an Easter basket be without Marshmallow Peeps? Put a package in the basket; the little ones love marshmallows, especially colored ones shaped like bunnies and ducks!Dyed eggsIf your family dyes Easter eggs, don't forget to include some of the finished product in the child's Easter basket.A Stuffed AnimalDon't forget to include a small Easter stuffed animal, whether it be a stuffed duck or bunny, or a new Beanie Baby. This doesn't apply to boys of a certain age, so for them, go with some other small gift or token.A Kids Easter CardSend a little love their way by including a customized printable kids Easter card in the basket. A little note of love goes a long way...Coloring Pages, Activity SheetsThis will give them something to do while you're preparing for the Easter feast or waiting for dinner at Grandma's house. Easter coloring sheets and activity sheets from AmericanGreetings.com are a perfect way to keep little minds busy. Don't forget the new crayons or colored pencils!An Easter craftKids love craft-making so why not include a little something in the Easter basket? Don't make it too complicated. There are plenty of simple kids Easter crafts at FamilyFun.	
		

		Easter Sunday is a religious holiday on the first Sunday following the first full moon after the spring equinox, which occurs around March 21st. For 2009, this holiday will be on April 12th. It is the day Christian all over the world celebrate the resurrection of the Lord, Jesus Christ. However, many customs associated with this holiday, such as the Easter bunny, egg hunt, and Easter baskets, are observed by Christians and non-Christians alike. This article explores the origin of Easter and related traditions, and provides some gift idea for this holiday.The name of the holiday, "Easter", came from the pre-Christian Anglo-Saxon goddess named Eostre. She was the goddess of fertility and springtime. Since the rabbits and hares reproduce frequently with a litter per month, the pre-Christian Anglo-Saxons believed the rabbits and hares were the earthly incarnation of Eostre. Hence, the rabbits and hares became fertility symbols. Similarly, eggs were symbols of fertility and life. Eggs were colored, blessed and eaten at spring festivals in ancient culture. When the Anglo-Saxons were converted to Christians, their springtime festival, which occurred on spring equinox, was combined with the Christian observance of the resurrection of Jesus and given the name Easter.The bunny as an Easter symbol appears to have its origin in Germany, where it was first mentioned in German writings in the 1500s. The first edible Easter bunnies were made in Germany during the early 1800s. According to a German legend, a white hare would leave baskets filled with candies, brightly colored eggs and other goodies for good children on Easter morning. The Easter bunny was introduced to American folklore by the German immigrants. The children would build their nest in hidden places in their home, or outdoors. Easter bunny would fill their baskets with colored eggs if they were good. By the 1800s, candies were commonly tucked into the baskets as well. Nowadays, Easter baskets are commonly filled with chocolate eggs, chocolate bunnies, candies, and marshmallow Peeps. The jelly beans have also been added to the baskets since 1930s because they look similar to eggs laid by birds.The popularity of Easter baskets has increased tremendously with television movie "Here Comes Peter Cottontail". You can now order online beautiful Easter gift basket that contains traditional holiday treats without having to shop for these treats individually and arrange them in a basket yourself. Sending friends and loved ones an Easter Gift Basket is an easy and fun way to let them know how much you care about them.A wide range of beautiful Easter baskets are available. Most of the baskets include a plush Bunny that greets your little friends with wishes of love and joy. Some of the baskets contain a plush duckling or a plush lamb instead of bunny. Ducklings are associated with eggs, therefore, they are symbols of Easter. Another significant symbol of Easter is the lamb, which represents the Lord, Jesus Christ. There are baskets that come with a plush lamb, a beautiful prayer book with a joyous prayer, and traditional treats. some baskets contain favorite play dough and Peter Cottontail activity book with plenty of fun activities for the little boys and girls, in addition to delicious treats. You can start your own tradition by sending a deluxe gift basket to family and friends.One special gift consists of an unique basket-shaped planter filled with delicious treats, including hand decorated shortbread cookie, gift box filled with solid milk chocolate eggs, milk chocolate bunny, jelly beans, Bunny peeps, Easter eggs filled with candy, plush bunny, and licorice treats. It will certainly delight the recipient. Another popular gift is an Easter bunny tote in the form of a fabric bunny carrier. Inside the carrier is filled with chocolate bunnies, M &amp; M's, puzzle, foil wrapped chocolate bunny, and other treats. This little bunny will deliver your message of love and joy.For younger kids, You can send a little plush bunny that sings his tune and wiggles his ears, along with 10 most popular flavors of jelly beans. It will sure to delight all who receive this gift.Children usually enjoy making their own treats. You can send them a gift set with a plush bunny and chocolate cookie mix, and let them participate in making the cookies. Alternatively, you can send a gift set with a plush bunny, cake mix and instructions. The children can make their own old fashion carrot cake with orange cream cheese frosting. These gifts provide a fun way to share the joy of Easter.In summary, Easter is a holiday celebrated by Christians and non-Christians alike. There are many fun activities for the entire family, especially little boys and girls, to enjoy. You can be Peter the Cottontail and send an Easter basket to kids of all ages.	
		Come Easter Sunday, you will be seeing myriads of bunnies, eggs, carrots, chickens, and other cute goodies all wrapped up together in colorful Easter baskets. You usually see these baskets during Easter Sunday celebrations as people give them to families and especially children, or when they celebrate Easter gatherings of some sort.Today, it is customary to hold Easter egg hunts, and painting contests on Easter bunny figurines and eggs. Sometimes, in some parts of the world, eggs are rolled from the hill in the morning of Sunday. Since there are lots and lots of different gifts and memorabilia to celebrate Easter, why not wrap them up in baskets and packages?History of the Easter gifts. Why have Easter bunnies and eggs become so associated with the Easter Sunday celebration? Isn't it obvious that Easter has its origins of the Christian tradition of celebrating Christs resurrection?Well, the secular Easter celebration as we know it came from pre-Christian traditions, when the celebration of fertility and springtime seasons were the norm and the prevailing beliefs of most non Christians. The rabbit, or the Easter hare, was somehow included in the celebrations and became a symbol of fertility, as rabbits are known to be notoriously fast breeders, and are able to produce a lot of offspring in a given period of time. Hence, today, children celebrate and buy Easter bunnies in a variety of forms. Some believe that the Easter bunny lays hidden candies and eggs in their garden, and then start an egg hunt. These activities are common during Easter Sunday.The practice of eggs stemmed from the Easter bunny itself. In the past, children believed that the Easter rabbit laid eggs during springtime, and hid them at secret locations. Thus, the tradition of the Easter egg hunt was born. The practice of painting eggs was probably started in ancient Rome and Persia, where eggs were colored and dyed to celebrate spring festivals. Adults colored the eggs, and children performed all sorts and varieties of egg hunts, and these soon became a custom unto itself.Eggs are also rolled down the hill during Easter Sunday morning. This is a typical British tradition, probably meant to symbolize the rolling away of the circular stone in the grave where Jesus was entombed. The British colonialists brought this practice to America, and it has been the tradition to roll eggs ever since.Basket Packages. Easter baskets come in many different sizes and shapes. These baskets were borne out of the practical need to package Easter merchandise into handy bundles in order to give them away to children and willing adults. Thus, baskets like these became part of regular Easter wares.These packages are not only meant to carry Easter goods and gifts. Oftentimes, in order to make the giveaways more practical, food items and usable things were stuffed into baskets, aside from the Easter bunny cards or eggs. These included cookies, candies, lollipops, Easter postcards and greeting cards, Easter-themed notebooks and organizers, pens, coloring and painting materials, and a whole lot of others. The baskets too have Easter-themed wreaths complete with hanging bunny figures or eggs.Whatever you decide to put inside Easter baskets, children and adults are going to appreciate the kindness that you give away during the holiday.	
		Girls' Easter dresses bring the best of everything to the glorious season of spring. Offering superb fashion, these soft and lovely creations can enhance the religious or secular celebration of Easter. Whether for an Easter service, family meal, or visit with Easter Bunny, girls' Easter dresses are symbols of joy and renewal.Looking elegant in Easter dresses with fine fabrics and fantastic shades, little princesses wave good-bye to winter and welcome the joys of spring. Nothing says spring more than apple green embroidered taffeta and lilac organza or dusty rose and sky blue dresses. Pink princesses swirl in pink organza. A white and lilac floral print with a polysilk sash reminds of the beauty and fragrance of new blooms. Ribbon embroidered skirts sway in a light spring breeze.Sensational stripes, beautiful flowers, and pretty polka dots reflect this fun-filled season. A teal seersucker with a playful pattern is a perfect fit for an afternoon tea party. A pink cotton print pique dress, with flowers and butterflies, picks up the meaning of spring. Blue polka-dot organza adds a touch of whimsy to the Easter Parade.Easter dresses can be formal gowns or casual choices, long dresses or tea length, traditional styles or contemporary designs. Whether for attending church on Easter Sunday or enjoying an Easter egg hunt, online stores offer a wide variety of dress styles for every Easter occasion. A peach gown with vintage chiffon embroidery is pure Easter perfection. A chic pink sleeveless dress lends a cool, refreshing look to any Easter celebration.Girls' Easter dresses can be purchased in countless styles and colors but they should always be age-appropriate, fit the child, and suit the occasion. The dresses must feel comfortable and Easter attire should never interfere with Easter fun. A classic cotton dress with simple lines and a touch of embroidery works well while searching for that elusive Easter egg. Elaborate dresses with lace and ruffles are Easter-perfect in photos.Pretty pastels look lovely at Easter but don't shy away from bright, vibrant shades. Since spring is synonymous with new life, a touch of lively color belongs on an Easter dress. Add an extra hint of fuchsia in a satin sash and exquisite hair bow or add a huge splash of color with a fuchsia Easter dress. A fuchsia or turquoise satin bubble dress adds a rich elegance to Easter fashion.Every little girl would appreciate more Easter chocolate. Extend her enjoyment by giving a chocolate treat which lasts the entire summer. Wearing a chocolate and turquoise taffeta, she can look and feel delightful at every special occasion during the coming summer.If parents don't want their little princesses to be always reminded of chocolate, they can choose a 'healthy' alternative. A beautiful 'banana' style with a sleeveless bodice and adorned waistline is quite a treat for a girl's Easter dress!	
		Easter fancy dress costumes are usually worn either at Easter Parades, on Easter Egg hunts, or else at specially themed Easter costume parties. So during the Easter period, there are a number of opportunities for you to wear you Easter outfit.In the UK, Easter is one of two major Christian festivals of the year, the other being Christmas. Easter occurs on a different date each year and can fall on any Sunday between 22nd March and 25th April. Easter marks the end of Lent, which is traditionally a time of fasting, so therefore it is a time for fun, celebration and lots of traditions.One of the most common traditions at this time of year is the giving of Easter eggs, which are seen as a symbol of spring and new life. In parts of England, there is an old custom where hard boiled eggs are rolled down a hill. However, a more common tradition throughout the country is where children hunt for chocolate Easter eggs, which have been hidden about the home or garden by the Easter bunny, which is why the Easter Bunny outfit is the most popular of all Easter fancy dress costumes.The next most popular Easter Outfit are Chicken costumes. This is probably because the egg is seen as a symbol for life. Although they do not seem to be alive, we know that they have life within them, especially during springtime when little chicks hatch out.Below are three outfit suggestion for your Easter fancy dress costumes, so that you can join in the fun, whether at a parade, a costume party on on an Easter egg hunt.Easter Bunny CostumeThese popular unisex outfits are always a great hit with the children, especially as part of an Easter Egg hunt outside in the garden. There are some great value outfits on the market at the moment, including actual mascot costumes at incredible prices.Chicken OutfitIf Easter Bunny fancy dress costumes are the number one type of Easter outfit, then Chicken outfits are a close second. These zany costumes are great fun to wear to Easter themed costume parties or as part of the Easter parade.Bunny Girl CostumeIf you are looking for a more sensual Easter outfit then there really is only one choice. The bunny girl costume is a great choice of outfit for ladies going to themed parties at this time of the year. However, a bunny girl outfit is probably not really appropriate to wear to the parade.	
		If you are a parent wondering why you are not seeing Easter educational activities coming home with your child, you are not alone. When school systems head to spring, particularly after a long snowy winter, they tend to ignore Easter and pretty much stick to spring themes. Teachers are feeling the crunch and will claim they do not have time to create Easter themed activities. Parents are left to search for quality Easter games that can be used at home. They will start to search for free games on line, but you may find better quality if they were to purchase printable Easter games that can be stored on their computers to use now and in the future.Here is a guide to some kinds of Easter educational activities that kids enjoy:Mazes- Easter mazes might weave in some math problems to solve, or include chances to pick up letters or words as they go through the maze that will end up becoming a mystery word or phrase, 
Game Boards- A board game with an Easter theme gives a different choice of a family game to play. If you can get printable Easter games that use math, vocabulary, or problems solving, you can sneak in extra practice while having some fun. 
Word Puzzles- Kids always like these. They can be printed off and stapled together to use in the car, or while waiting for a siblings baseball practice to get over or on a rainy afternoon. There are a variety of different kinds of word puzzles. Some favorites are word searches, word scrambles, or mix and match sentences 
Writing Prompts- These will give parents some ideas for getting their children to do some journal writing in over the long Easter weekend. 
Math Worksheets -You can never get enough math fact reinforcement so a fun Easter math worksheets will give lots of choices for Easter educational activities with quality, fun exercises that motivate students These worksheets might include riddles, or a Sudoku puzzle using current math skills to be effective.Parents who are looking for educational Easter activities should focus on finding a few quality Easter games spanning several grade levels. That way all the children in one family will be able to use the same resource. You will always have new and different Easter educational activities to use. Before buying any materials you find online, double check and see if there are several activities available at different grade levels so they can be used more than once during the weeks leading up to Easter and over the long Easter weekend.If your local school system ignores Easter, and you want to celebrate Easter in a variety of ways, then finding fun quality Easter games to use at home will be a perfect thing for your family. Printable Easter games also make great Easter basket gifts. Print them out in color and laminate them and you have a professional looking Easter game to share with others. It is not hard to figure out ways to use Easter educational activities to create some family fun.	
		Easter printables are one of the best-value Easter games ideas. Whether you are organizing an event for your school, a family celebration or the local community hall or church group, there are printable Easter games to fit. Here's a short list of questions you should ask yourself when planning your Easter celebrations.Who are your guests?Easter printables usually come in either a single game format, or a larger bundle. It's wise to select games suitable for your mix of Easter party attendees. Is your focus on children? Seniors? Younger couples?Most solo games are a single theme, such as Easter bunny games, Easter trivia, or Christian party games, such as a left-right gift exchange themed to the Easter Bible story. Check with your chosen supplier of printables before you make a purchase: they should make it very clear who the game targets, how many players you'll need and anything extra required to play (gifts or other props).What do you want to spend?Most suppliers of printable Easter games price single titles at $6.95.That price seems fairly reasonable, but examine the cost on a per-head basis rather than as an outright expense. If ten people attend your celebration, you'll be paying 70c per person for that game, but if you have thirty people coming, it's less than a quarter per player.For longer parties or larger crowds, bargain games packs make excellent financial sense. Most packs contain an excellent mix of Easter party games, Easter trivia games, Christian party games, Easter egg games... sometimes even a scavenger hunt! Expect to pay around $20 for a multi-game pack, which can entertain an unlimited number of people.Here's a thrifty tip: if you are going to be involved in more than one Easter party this year (not necessarily as the organizer), those games can be reused -- entertainment for both events for one unbeatable price.Are you properly prepared?The strong appeal of an instant download, print-and-play product should be tempered by your need to be able to host the entertainment without hiccups. So take a few minutes to look over each of your printable Easter games before the party starts. Understand the rules of Easter party games before you have to explain it to the group. This will help things to run smoothly.Think before you print dozens of games! It's possible to play most printable games without printing a single copy. Just open a laptop at the party venue. You can read trivia questions from the screen as Quizmaster or Quizmistress. Players can record their answers on blank, or even scrap, paper. One or two Easter printables will require cut-out props and you'll have to print at least one copy, but if you have access to a photocopier, typically that is a much cheaper and faster way to create multiples of a game sheet than by using a computer printer's ink.When hosting an Easter party with multiple games, don't play them all back-to-back. An ice-breaker style of game can be a good way to get things moving, but leave plenty of space for the games to "breathe". A lot of the fun of party games is the post-mortem of a previous game and anticipation of the next round.Easter is not usually considered a time of great competition between people; however, a prize or two never hurts! Some games require at least one gift, such as left-right Easter bunny games, which involve passing something from hand to hand as a story is read out. Candy, or perhaps more appropriately, a little basket of chocolate eggs, will do very well, especially for a younger audience. If you are organizing a large community event, you might ask local companies to put up a few prizes in return for a banner, door coupon or other reciprocal benefit.I hope you give Easter printables a try this year and that these tips will help you to make the most of your Easter celebrations.	
		As a child I remember sitting through service on Easter Sunday.  The longest sermon of the year, although for some reason I was intrigued.  Maybe it was because I knew that when I got home a big Easter basket, a few new toys and so much chocolate candy that half of it would see the following Easter was waiting for me at home.In all of my gluttony on Easter Sunday I never failed to question where my chocolate Jesus was.  Where were my chocolate burrow, or palm tree and crucifix?  This is what Pastor Bob talked about in his sermon every year.  He never mentioned an Easter bunny, or an Easter basket.  He never alluded to a biblical Easter egg hunt.As I would come down from my sugar high and smile proudly at my bounty of found plastic Easter Eggs filled with money and chocolate I no longer cared why, I was just happy it was all mine.Now I'm thirty years old, with two little boys of my own running around the yard searching for their share of the Easter bounty, and I have to ask myself why all over again.Have you ever wondered why the celebration of Jesus Christ's crucifixion and resurrection is celebrated with an Easter bunny and colored Easter eggs?  Well, the answers may surprise you.  They surprised me.  
Like many holidays, including Christmas, Halloween and Mayday, Easter's roots lie deep in the pagan religion, dating back centuries before Christianity.Paganism is the earliest known religion.  Although there are many facades of worship encompassed in the pagan religion the most relevant description of pagan belief is the worship of the Goddess, otherwise known as Mother Nature.  Despite popular belief pagans do not worship Satan, practice human sacrifice or conjure up black magic.While most of us know Easter as the celebration of Christ's resurrection it was first a pagan celebration known as Eastre and celebrated in central and northern Europe.  It was, and still is for some, the celebration of the Vernal (Spring) Equinox and the Fertility Goddess, Eastre.The Christian church converted many pagans by infusing the Christian God and customs with already existing pagan tradition and celebration rituals. Easter is one of many examples. Some may say it was an evil trick while others may say it was genius marketing.  In order to convert the pagans, Christians chose to celebrate on or around the dates of pagan celebrations, keeping most of the rituals and traditions intact and only substituting their God, their names and their religion.It is no coincidence that Easter and Eastre are nearly identical in spelling.  Nor is it a coincidence that Easter takes place around the same time as the spring equinox.  Easter celebrates the resurrection of Christ while Eastre celebrates the resurrection of spring.I know what you're thinking. None of this answers the original question of 'Why the celebration of Jesus Christ's crucifixion and resurrection is celebrated with an Easter bunny and colored Easter eggs?'It's easy to believe that the Easter bunny is a creation of commercial America.  Well, that's wrong.  At the celebration of the pagan festival of Eastre, pagan's worshiped a rabbit, the earthly symbol of the Goddess, Eastre.  Thus, Peter Cotton Tail. Eastre was also symbolized with an egg.  The egg symbolized fertility in nature and the season's rebirth from the long winter months.   Eggs were used in these celebrations as well.  The eggs were painted with bright colors and, again they represented the resurrection of spring.They were then given as gifts to fellow pagans.
Although I now know why my children eat chocolate bunnies and search for colored eggs on Easter Sunday, and I have a pretty good idea why Pastor Bob has never mentioned paganism and the Fertility Goddess, Eastre in his sermon, I have to wonder is my family really better off knowing that the Easter bunny originated from another religion.  I don't think so.  The holidays are hectic enough without the thought of ancient religions dueling for our time and allegiance, besides there is something magical about the mystery of the Easter Bunny and his Easter Eggs.
But I am a man of equality so I would like to be the first, maybe ever, to wish you a happy Eastre, and it's more famous by product, Easter.
Happy Easter.	
		Sightseeing Tips for the Easter Weekend in BudapestThe Castle DistrictBudapest has historic sights and fine architecture at every corner. You can easily explore the top attractions during the Easter Weekend.The Castle District in Buda offers magnificent views from the Fishermen's Bastion: the majestic Danube with the Chain Bridge (Sz&eacute;chenyi L&aacute;nch&iacute;d) and the impressive Budapest Parliament.The Castle District forms the centre of historic Budapest and some of the most important cultural monuments stand in the area, like the Royal Palace and theMatthias Church. The narrow cobbled streets are ideal for romantic walks. The district has some fine restaurants and caf&eacute;s.
The Litea Bookshop and Tearoom on Hess Andr&aacute;s t&eacute;r, opposite the Hotel Hilton has a very relaxed atmosphere with books in English and fine teas. In the House of Hungarian Wines you can taste delightful wines from the country's wine regions.The Cable Car (sikl&oacute;) takes you down from the hill to Clark Adam t&eacute;r in a few minutes. Near the Pest end of the Chain Bridge stand two architectural masterpieces on Roosevelt Square
the Hungarian Academy of Sciences, and
the Art-Nouveau Gresham Palace

V&ouml;r&ouml;smarty Square and V&aacute;ci StreetWalk down along the river on the Danube Promenade and turn onto De&aacute;k Street at the Vigad&oacute; Hall. The street takes you to V&ouml;r&ouml;smarty Square, the heart of Budapest. The white carrara statue of the famous 19th century poet, Mih&aacute;ly V&ouml;r&ouml;smarty, dominates the square. The prominent Gerbeaud Caf&eacute; flanks the side of the plaza. Sit in for a cup of fresh caf&eacute; with a slice of delicious Hungarian cake and absorb the traditional coffee house aura.The famous pedestrian and shopping street, V&aacute;ci utca opens from the south end of the square. The street together with V&ouml;r&ouml;smarty t&eacute;r is a centre of social and cultural happenings that attract both tourists and locals throughout the year. Fancy boutiques and chic caf&eacute;s line the sides of the street that mainly target tourists. You can have better bargains at the Great Market Hall at the south end of V&aacute;ci utca.After long hours of walking refresh yourself in Budapest Spas. In the famous Gellert Bath you can admire the fine interior while you relax in the hot water. The grand Sz&eacute;chenyi Bath belongs to the largest spa complexes in Europe. The water in the outdoor pool is hot enough to enjoy bathing in even in cold weather. The baths are open on Easter Sunday according to their Sunday schedule. On Easter Monday all baths are closed.During the Easter weekend there'll be some great parties in Budapest, so you won't be bored at night either.Where to StayMost Budapest Hotels offer special Easter packages. Note that you should book your accommodation well in advance, because a lot of tourists visit Budapest at Easter every year. Stay at a 5 or 4 star downtown hotel and everything important will be within easy reach. Price of Easter packages in 5 or 4 star hotels is around 300 EUR/double room/2 nights.Public Transport and Opening Hours at Easter in BudapestOn Holy Saturday public transport vehicles run according to Saturday schedule. Easter Sunday and Monday are public holidays so public transport operates according to holiday schedule.On Good Friday and on Holy Saturday shops are open according to Friday and Saturday schedule. See opening hours of shops on this page. On Easter Sunday and Monday supermarkets and large stores are closed, however some shops and services that are usually open on holidays will be open on Easter Sunday and Monday:
florists
sweet-shops
24-hour (non-stop) shops
restaurants
caf&eacute;s and confectioneries
cinemas
The Weather Around Easter in BudapestBy Easter the city awakens from its winter sleep. The first buds on the trees appear and spring flowers adorn the parks and squares. The sun shines warmer and warmer, though the weather is rather unpredictable in spring. Daily temperatures can vary from 2-15&deg;C/36-59&deg;F. At some nights temperature can go below 0&deg;C/32&deg;F. Usually there are some rainy and windy periods in March and April, so don't forget to pack in your umbrella and warm sweaters.Some Hungarian Easter CustomsA 40-day lent precedes Easter, when people rarely eat meat. Some have meatless meals only on Fridays. Women clean the whole house, wash the windows and a few days before Easter they start baking cakes and pastries and prepare kocsonya, a rich jellied soup cooked with pork meat, smoked meat and spices. Egg painting is practiced mainly in the villages. On Good Friday afternoon religious people go to the church to commemorate the crucifixion of Jesus Christ. The church bells will remain in silence until Sunday, the day of resurrection. On Holy Saturday the religious commemoration continues with a procession.Traditional Hungarian Easter dishesSatuday evening marks the end of the Lent and people have traditional dishes: smoked ham with pickled horseradish, hard-boiled eggs and fresh white bread or milk-loaf.On Easter Sunday morning the Easter bunny brings presents for the little ones. The master or the mistress of the house takes a basket packed with ham, eggs, horseradish, milk loaf and a bottle of wine to the church where the priest blesses the food. The content of the basket varies slightly from region to region.The family eats all the blessed meat for breakfast, not a crumb should be wasted because the blessed food considered to possess magical powers. For example the crumbs of the milk loaf are given to the hens so that they lay more eggs.Mainly meat dishes (poultry, pork, lamb, rabbit) dominate the traditional Easter Sunday lunch with various garnishing. Many housewives bake beigli (pastry rolls with walnut or poppy seed stuffing) not just for Christmas but for Easter too.Easter MondayOn Easter Monday morning boys and men sprinkle women with perfume or with cold water, for which women give chocolate eggs or some change in return. Men of course gather strength with a shot of p&aacute;linka (Hungarian fruit brandy) and they spent the rest of the day with more boozing.&copy; Copyright http://www.budapest-tourist-guide.com All Rights Reserved	
		Woven baskets, from grasses, twigs, straw and branches, have been with humans right from the dawn of mankind. In the ancient times, baskets were used to store dry goods and also to transport food and other materials from one place to another. If you read about the biblical times, you would find that even people and goods were transported over water with the help of large baskets. What this means, is that baskets have been with us for thousand of years.If you ask any children about his favorite festival, he might not name Christmas, but he is bound to take the names of Halloween and Easter. After all, candies are a certainty with these two festivals. If you really want to make this Easter fun for your children, let them engage in making Easter gift baskets. It would serve two purposes. It would give them real pleasure in doing something which is real fun and they would understand the importance of giving gifts.This Easter you can buy little plastic baskets and artificial grasses for your children. Also get some decorative stuff and let your child run his imagination wild with the Easter gift baskets. You can let them work with bows, ribbons, cellophane and gift cards. In the gift cards the children might like the name of the recipient of Easter gift baskets. You can help your child when he decorates his Easter gift baskets with his own hands. And at last the Easter gift baskets could be filled with toys and candies.When it comes to choosing Easter gift baskets, you get a lot of different options. So, if you are a religious person Easter gift baskets for you would be quite different from the ones who is a non believer. So, if you are thinking of Easter gift baskets for kids, you could have Easter gift baskets full of chocolate bunnies or jellybeans and candies or eggs. You can also have Easter gift baskets having crosses of chocolate.The best thing about Easter gift baskets from the view point of kids (and even most of the adults) is that they are full of candies. Generally, Easter baskets come with decorations of paper and plastic strips and also artificial grasses. Similarly, you can also think of having professional Easter gift baskets. You can think of Easter gift baskets for your co-workers or your employees. You just need to search online to come out with a host of online stores that offer you great Easter gift baskets and that too at reasonable prices.The best thing about these new stores selling Easter gift baskets is that they have come out with special Easter gift baskets that are meant for diabetics. So, if someone can not have sugar, they need not be disappointed. They can have Easter gift baskets having sugar free candies. And when candies are concerned, even adults have sweet tooth also. So, there are many Easter gift baskets that are meant to satisfy the taste of adults also.	
		So your first child isn't a baby anymore and you're going to have to convince her that the Easter Bunny has hopped into your home, left a basketful of chocolate goodies and hidden a horde of dazzling colored Easter eggs around your house. As a new parent, how are you going to pull off this important holiday for your child? Here are a few hints for making sure your little one will believe in the magic of the Easter Bunny for years to come:You don't have to wear a bunny costume
The good news is that you don't have to make a complete fool of yourself to create the illusion of the Easter bunny for your little prince or princess. You just have to have a little more energy than your child does for a couple of days while you prepare the following things:o	Colored eggs - no Easter is complete without them. The hard-boiled variety are not only fun to color, but are genuinely healthier than any chocolate treat you can muster up, so coloring your own batch is a great place to start. Boil the eggs on Thursday night and tuck them into the back of the refrigerator so they are ready to color on Friday; then they'll be completely dry and ready to place into baskets on Saturday night.o	The basket - you can make your own, paint a basket you have around the house, or buy one. The best way to make your child believe in the bunny is to add a few home-made treats that only the bunny could have made. During the week before Easter, spend a night making some Chocolate Bunny Pops or easy Hollow Chocolate Eggs that you can add to your baby's basket alongside a few little toys, and your toddler will be amazed.o	The hunt - so the last time you were involved in an egg hunt you were the one finding the eggs? As long as you remember the complete joy you felt when you discovered another of the Easter Bunny's treats you'll be alright. This is probably the most exciting part of playing the Easter bunny. If the climate in your area is particularly hot or humid, you may want to wake up early to hide the eggs instead of hiding them on Saturday night. If you are hiding eggs outside be sure to use tightly closing plastic eggs or well-wrapped treats.Don't be caught speechlessAs small as they are, your kids will come up with some questions about the Easter Bunny that may stump you. Be prepared to defend the bunny as if your life depends on it! Some of the most common questions are:o	Why does the Easter Bunny lay eggs? Rabbits don't lay eggs, and even if they did, the Easter Bunny is a boy. The real answer to the question is that the Easter Bunny (originally the hare) and the egg both symbolize fertility and renewal of life and are not co-dependent. But many people still think the Easter Bunny lays the brightly colored egg treats that kids find during the Easter hunt every year. Kids are not brainless though, and it's pretty clear - even to a three year old - that the plastic eggs filled with store-bought candy are not actually expelled from the bunny's body. So, you can completely deny that the bunny actually lays the eggs and tell your child that he buys them or makes them just like Santa buys or makes the toys that are delivered at Christmas time. Instead of a magical sack, the bunny has a magical basket. Or you can tell them it's a complete mystery to you, too.o	What do Easter eggs have to do with the resurrection of Jesus? This is another good question that most kids ponder sometime during the Easter Sunday service, when they are supposed to be paying attention to the longest sermon of the year but can't get their minds off the basketful of goodies they had to leave behind in order to get to church on time. Right after you reprimand him for letting his mind wander during the service, you could tell your curious church-goer that after the resurrection Mary Magdalene delivered a red egg to the Emperor of Rome proclaiming the rising of Christ. The red coloration represented the blood of Jesus, the egg shell His tomb, and the fertilized egg His renewed life.o	If the bunny leaves the eggs, why are we coloring our own? As kids grow up it is hard not to want to share the dyeing experience with them. But how do you explain that the Easter Bunny is no longer responsible for bringing the colored eggs with him? Well, it's always nice to help out, and the Bunny does have a lot of work to do on the night before Easter. If we make our own there will be more eggs for him to share with the kids who don't make their own.No matter how many times you let the ball drop and think that you've given the kids reason to doubt your story, just remember that they want to believe in the Easter Bunny as much as you want them to believe it. The magic of it all is so alluring that you have lots of room for slip ups!	
		Throwing a party is real fun but preparing for it is really a matter of patience and planning. So, before you think of Easter activities, you need to sit down and have a creative planning phase, where you would have to decide the theme of your Easter activities and how would you arrange all the party supplies.When it comes to Easter activities, there are a whole lot of Easter themes that you could think of. So, if you are thinking of a lot of kids, you would have to plan in such a way that your Easter activities might be fulfilling for the kids. So, ordering Easter bunnies in large quantities would be a good idea. Market is full of inflatable bunnies that you could scatter around your table. The same goes with tablecloths also. It might sport bunnies and a lot of easter eggs. You might also like to concentrate on pastel colors for religious reasons. Since Easter means spring seasons, you might feel like having some spring flowers for your Easter activities.When it comes to kids, always be very careful with your Easter activities. You need to plan everything very well beforehand so that everything runs as per your planning smoothly. You might also find it worthwhile to select some story books and fiction or non-fiction books. It would be enjoyed by kids as well as adults who might not have the energy to cope up with the hectic Easter activities of the kids. They would find it better to read books.Since, spring is also the time when wildlife could be observed quite easily. So, you can also have Easter activities based on this feature. It would be fun for kids and it might also teach them a lot. Easter marks the spring season and as such you can find a number of fresh flowers blossoming. It is the prefect time to face the nature when it is coming out of its dormant state. You can have bug collectors or binoculars for children to let them enjoy nature and also to let them learn from nature directly. It might also prove a lot more educational to adults also. After all who does not find nature in its full bloom mesmerizing?Other Easter activities could include Easter egg hunt. Make children participate in it. And yes, have the eggs boiled before you use them. You do not want eggs splattered all around your lawn. All the participants get a spoon on which they have to balance one egg. Now they have to race.And yes, Easter activities are just a way of having fun. Do not tax your brain too much and do not relegate Easter activities into some sort of a headache. Keep Easter activities simple and enjoyable. Let everyone enjoy Easter with the Easter activities you plan. And try to involve everyone in all the Easter activities. So, take special care of adults and old ones who generally feel left out in these Easter activities.	
		Easter Sunday is March 23rd.  This Lenten Season, leading up to the celebration that Jesus is alive today and working in the world, have your children color beautiful Easter Story coloring cards or give them a unique folding Easter card explaining what Easter is really about; God's love for them.Memory Cross, Inc. has created a number of great new ways to share the Gospel with kids and adults this Easter.  Each Memory Cross card consists of four unique panels that make a never ending loop that will fascinate both kids and adults.If your church is having a Easter Egg Hunt for the children in your community, why not tuck an Easter Plan of Salvation card in each of their Easter baskets along with the colored eggs and candy.  Let them know that Easter is about much more than colored eggs, bunnies and candy.  What a way to witness to them and their families.Easter is the time we celebrate Christ's death and resurrection. Inviting children from the community for an Easter Egg hunt is a great way connect with kids and adults.  However we need to do more than just give out candy and Easter Eggs.  The Easter coloring card is a fun way for your kids to learn the Easter story, while creating a really fun craft project.  The Easter Memory Cross plan of Salvation is a brightly colored card that clearly tells what Easter is really about.Think about sending either the Easter Plan of Salvation cards or the Easter Story coloring cards that your children have colored to our troops deployed in Iraq and all over the world.  This will not only entertain and fascinate the soldiers but will provide them with a clear message of what Easter is really about.If your kids color the Easter coloring card and send to the troops, what a great way to support the troops and share the Gospel all at the same time.If your church has shut-ins give them one of the Easter coloring cards colored by the children from your church or day care?Memory Cross Easter cards also make a great resource for your children's story time. During your children's sermon, you can share the Easter Plan of Salvation cards with your children or use them with your Children's church.  Encourage them to take it home and share it with their parents and friends.	
		If you are wishfully waiting for Easter, there is no doubt that your expectations of receiving Easter Cards are soaring. With funky and wish-filled cards, you have the most appropriate way of sending across the sacred mirth of Easter to those who matter a lot to you. In this way, the cheering feature of Easter 2009 is all set to spread happiness all around you.You can also make plans to throng the homes of your buddies to astonish them with marvelous Easter gifts. And you can start off a party and allow it to give you a lasting celebratory impact. And most importantly, you can start reminiscing the morals and teachings of Jesus Christ whose love enriches the celebratory character of this festival. On Easter, you can mull over the words of Christ saying, "I am the resurrection, and the life; He who believes in me will live, even though he dies; and whoever lives and believes in me will never die." Christ's resurrection acknowledges this belief.Easter cards contain in them everything that you can think of and fell like to receive on Easter. You can proceed to make cute cards and fill them with eye-catchy pictures of Easter eggs and rabbits that will form the best style to connote your wishes for your intimate ones. You can create your Easter card by giving it an oval egg-like shape. Mark its features uniformly and color it with your choicest shade, for even a simple card of yours can become an astonishing Easter gift for others.Or else, you can paste the pictures of multicolored eggs all over the area of a big greeting card. Supplementing them with beautiful lilies would be a boon for the receivers. You can also opt for lively flashcards on the web that are in leaps and bounds for you to use for your celebrations. The audio and visual characteristics of a variety of web cards give a trendy outlook to the way they this exchanging process livens up Easter. By seeing cute chickens dancing to the music and at the same time chiming Easter wishes, you are likely to be exhilarated through and through.Once you are through with the process of carving out nice Easter cards, you can easily incorporate them into your catalog of Easter gifts. If you present them to your sweetheart, he or she will certainly get completely overjoyed. Web cards for Easter give you even more convenient way of articulating your sentiments on Easter. You can pray that Easter should grace you both with lasting togetherness. Its symbolic fertility must make your relationship richer and replete with the mirth of Easter.To your buddies, you can present self-crafted Easter eggs. Whether they are in the form of gifts or cards, they are the things that your buddy will never like to part with. Supplemented with your well wishes, your friend is sure to consider it for keeps. So, enjoy yourself like a kid in a candy store and let your Easter 2009 bring along all that is required for greatest excitement.	
		Many people believe that an Easter gift basket should contain the requisite eggs and chocolates but this is not the case. An Easter basket can contain anything that the giver believes the recipient will appreciate.Food Items For An Easter Gift BasketSome of the usual foods that you may find in the store bought baskets are items such as chocolate shaped Easter bunnies, chocolate eggs, candy chicks and the like.You may also notice that many Easter baskets have hard boiled eggs in them that are painted and decorated with felt pens, food coloring, and permanent markers which can look pretty affective. You can never go wrong with the personal touch however. Give those store bought Easter gift baskets a wide birth for 2009 and come up with your own ideas. Last year I made an Easter bunny sock puppet that made my son laugh for ages. Little ideas like these are always the best.You can always bulk up your Easter gift basket with some gourmet teas &amp; coffees, cakes &amp; muffins, and Easter cookies.The possibilities are really only limited by your imagination when considering Easter gift basket ideas for 2009. If you have a friend that has just lost his or her job and is struggling during this financially trying time, then you can always put together an Easter basket that contains groceries. By disguising your food package as an Easter gift basket, you will help spare the feelings of the recipient who may feel too proud to take it otherwise.I Don't Want Food for My Easter BasketWe've all probably eaten enough chocolate and cakes over Christmas to last us a lifetime. So if you're looking for some Easter gift basket ideas that aren't of the food variety then some great ones are items such as flowers, scented Easter candles, house hold items and others.I guess it all depends on your relationship with the recipient as to how personal the Easter basket will be. I am making my daughter an Easter basket for 2009 and will fill it up with all her favourite perfumes and toiletries as she is not that keen on chocolate. You can also adopt this Easter gift basket idea [http://Eastervacationfun.com/Easter-baskets/stuck-for-Easter-gift-basket-ideas-this-year] for your family too.Another great idea that usually goes down well with those who are religious is a picture book depicting Easter scenes as described in the bible. This kind of basket is obviously not for everyone, but how about some sex and the city DVDs or the latest album by Madonna for your basket.No matter what Easter gift basket ideas you choose to adopt for 2009 you can be certain that they will be well received. Easter gift baskets are fun, simple, and thoughtful gifts for family, friends, and colleagues alike.	
		When many of us think of Easter Traditions we think Easter eggs, hot cross buns, Easter bunnies. It's true that these have all become part of Easter without realizing their significance. Have you ever asked the question "what do bunnies have to do with eggs and Easter?"  As I show you some Easter cupcake decorating ideas I will attempt to explain what the tradition behind the symbol.The Easter BunnyFor thousands of years the rabbit has been a symbol of fertility. The Goddess Eostre (also known as Eastre among other variants) was the Great Mother Goddess of the Anglo-Saxons. The Saxons worshiped her through her earthly symbol of the rabbit. The name of the goddess was derived from the ancient word for spring.Having started as a pagan festival predating Christianity the bunny tradition was brought to America by the German immigrants in the 1500 and 1600. The immigrants would tell tales to their children of the Easter Hare who had laid eggs for children to find. Cakes were also baked in the shape of bunnies.
Easter bunny cupcake decoration idea. Ice your cupcake with a pastel shade of pink. With white icing make two cheeks, placing them just below half way. Use a jelly bean for the eyes and nose and small marshmallows cut and shaped for the ears. To make the pink inner ear, dip the cut side of the marshmallow into pink sugar. The final touch is to pipe two or three whiskers from the cheeks.
The Easter EggAs with the Easter bunny the Easter egg also predates Christianity. In many cultures the egg symbolizes rebirth, new life and fertility and is used in Spring festivals.In Medieval times eggs were not allowed during Lent which traditionally ends on Holy Saturday -- the day after Good Friday. Eggs laid during the forty day period of Lent were often boiled or preserved and the egg became a mainstay of Easter meals.Many traditions have developed around the Easter egg with the coloring of eggs becoming an established art -- the most elaborate decorations coming from Eastern Europe. These days there are many chocolate eggs with colored foil to represent the painted egg. Eggs are used as holiday games such as the Easter egg hunt and the egg roll. The most famous of these is the egg roll which usually takes place on the White House lawn each year.
Easter egg cupcake decoration idea number one. Ice your cupcake with smooth paste such as glace (water) icing and pipe designs or use edible paint. You can also two or three different color icings without actually mixing them but to make a marble effect. 
  Idea two -- bird's nest of eggs. Ice your cupcakes with chocolate frosting making the edges a little raised. Grate chocolate or sprinkle chocolate hail to represent the bird's nest. In the hollowed centre place mini chocolate eggs or candies that look like eggs.
The Hot Cross Bun.It may come as a surprise that once again the sweet fruit yeast bun with the cross is thought to predate Christianity having formed part of Anglo-Saxon festivities celebrating the goddess Eostre. The cross is thought to represent the four quarters of the moon.According to Wikipedia the term "Hot Cross Bun" was first recorded in 1733. Today the hot cross bun has become a part of Easter tradition with the cross standing as a symbol of the crucifixion. Although in our household they are eaten well before Easter the tradition is to serve them on Good Friday.
Hot cross bun cupcake. This is the simplest of the decorating ideas as all you need do is choose your cupcake icing and pipe a cross on it. To make the cupcake look like a spicy bun with fruit you could add the spices and a small amount of current. Why not use chocolate?
Perhaps you have had some surprises when considering the traditions that we have come to associate with Easter. Who knows the creating of new Easter cupcake decoration ideas may become a new tradition.	
		Certain types of flowers are used to celebrate Easter, the holiest of days on the Christian calendar; they are commonly referred to as Easter flowers. These flowers are colorful, and they are symbolic of rebirth and the Resurrection. They are perfect reminders of Easter and the upcoming spring season. Common flowers used for Easter include lilies, hyacinths, azaleas, tulips, daffodils, and narcissus flowers.White lilies tend to be the most popular and traditional Easter flowers, and they are commonly used to decorate churches around the Easter season. These flowers originated in Japan, and Americans started to grow them in the 1940's. White lilies are known to symbolize the renewal and purity that is associated with Easter, as well as Christ's Resurrection three days after his death. The lily's flower petals are said to be shaped in such a way as to represent God's trumpet calling for Jesus to return. It is of note that white lilies' growth is forced in greenhouses for the Easter season given how extremely common it is for these flowers to be used around that time.Hyacinths are flowers that are typically used for Easter bouquets and arrangements. They exist in a variety of pastel colors that are perfect for Easter, including pink, purple, and blue. They also come in white. These flowers grow to be eight to twelve inches tall on average.Azaleas are popularly given as hostess gifts at Easter dinners. They bloom naturally right around the Easter season, and they come in many beautiful colors including pink, white, orange, and red. Azaleas are seen as symbols of Christ's rising again, as well as of rejuvenation and good wishes.Tulips are other common Easter flowers. These beautiful flowers are symbolic of spring's rebirth and of perfect love. Tulips are popular parts of Easter floral arrangements and come in more than 150 species. They also come in a wide array of colors.Daffodils are bright yellow Easter flowers that are shaped like trumpets. They are symbolic of rebirth, eternal life, and friendships. Where daffodils are concerned, it is thought that new flowers are born from bulbs that appear to be dead, thus making the flowers living examples of rebirth. Furthermore, a legend suggests that daffodils first bloomed during Christ's Resurrection. Daffodils are the main Easter flowers used for Easter decorations in England.The narcissus was the initial flower connected to Easter in many parts of Europe. People in the Alps in fact have thought of the flower as being a representation of Easter for generations. Furthermore, the narcissus is a very popular flower in Germany.All of the Easter flowers discussed can be found at florists, online flower shops, and nurseries. Many beautiful arrangements are available, and a number of deals are to be found. People who love to garden will also find a wealth of information about planting all of these beautiful flowers over the Internet.There are many beautiful Easter flowers available that signify the rebirth of Easter and spring. Whether they are used as decorations or given as gifts, lilies, hyacinths, azaleas, tulips, daffodils, and narcissus flowers all symbolize the holiness and beauty that encompass Easter. They furthermore characterize the rebirth of Easter and of spring. All of these flowers can be found in traditional florists and nurseries or online.	
		Easter egg hunts don't just happen over night as most people would believe, and a lot of people believe that because boiling an egg just doesn't take that long. In truth the time honored tradition of boiling and then decorating Easter eggs has pretty much been replaced because of the vast variety of pre-decorated and pre-filled eggs that are out in masses in stores and online.Despite all this convenience Easter egg hunts are hard to plan because while there are all kinds of store packed Easter gifts for adults the children's editions are rather limited and have mostly candy and/ or chocolate.While candy and chocolate are a somewhat important part of Easter, there's still the problem of how much candy and chocolate can one possibly fit in the Easter eggs while guaranteeing that the kids don't over indulge on chocolate. A lot of people come up with the idea of putting things like school supplies in Easter baskets for kids or filling them with reward notes. For those of you who don't know, reward notes are when you make a coupon to do a chore for your kid.Although the idea is original, there's the question of how popular will it be over chocolate and candy? The chances that the kids hold the Easter bunny hostage and ask for the real chocolate Easter eggs are higher. Apart from the ever difficult decision of what to put in Easter eggs there is the question of where to hide the Easter eggs. Although the idea of kids having fun looking for Easter eggs to fill their Easter baskets sounds good on paper, there is the question that every neighborhood must answer, 'Whose backyard will the kids ransack while they hunt for Easter eggs?'The easy way to select a backyard would be draw straws but there is always the option of using the local park or sometimes the local church can provide a place to host the East egg hunt. These places are better because there're more places to hide the eggs and much more area for the kids to run around and work off some of the sugar hyped energy. The parents can easily come together to supervise the event. Then there's the whole 'what do I put inside my ten year old's Easter basket?' Only you know how hard it is to excite your kids about Easter and get them to go the Easter hunt as they grow older and the Easter bunny losses credibility so it's important that whatever you put inside the eggs it's worth their search.This is actually the real challenge because on the one hand you want to keep their sugar level to a point where they aren't bouncing off the walls while knowing that chocolate is the only thing that will make them happy. An easy way to do this is to hide 'some' chocolate in all the Easter eggs and fill the rest with small things that kids like in general like little toys. At the end of the Easter hunt, give them a special treat at Easter lunch like a fruit bouquet that they can dig into.	
		There comes an age in every child's life when his/her parents can't decide what to get their child for Easter because the truth of life is kids are only fascinated with Easter eggs to a certain age and after that they either want the next hardware upgrade or multiple additions to their wardrobe. The trick to buying Easter gifts for kids who aren't five or seven years old anymore is to find that range of reasonable Easter gifts that an eleven year old will like and a parent will approve of.Finding Easter gifts for kids above ten involves a little self realization, i.e. parents need to stop trying to excite their teenagers about an egg hunt because unless the Easter eggs have gift certificates redeemable at iTunes, they aren't going to hunt for them. Some parents will still insist that there be at least one family member dressed up as the Easter bunny in the house on Easter day and Easter dinner is going to be ordinary everyday food cut and molded like Easter eggs and rabbits. An effort to actually include the kids in the Easter celebrations comes in the form of parents toning the toddler stuff down and asking their kids for an opinion (and following through on it).Kids on the other hand need to realize that Easter is Easter and not Christmas and the Easter bunny doesn't take 
requests like Santa. Easter should be more of a give a little and take a little sort of deal where the kids pitch in and contribute to the spirit of Easter and try taking a little break from the materialistic side of life. Easter is celebrated more for its spirit of being a holiday to celebrate life as compared to the religious aspect (even thought that's important for a lot of families too).So the question is what to put in Easter baskets for kids. The simple solution is a bit of everything. It's going to be a compromise either way so put in something that you know your kids are bound to like, with a bit of chocolate can really help. If you're adamant about the gifts being more Easter oriented try buying Easter baskets that will appeal to your kids and satisfy you as well. It's a gift that the whole family can enjoy together. You could buy a fruit bouquet and add a little something extra. Your Easter gift will be unique while at the same time it will have that touch of Easter festivity with the fruit.	
		Easter is Sunday, March 27th! Don't forget the flowers! Your spring celebration is the perfect setting for beautiful flowers! You can also have a lovely floral gift delivered to your loved ones for Easter!A popular choice for Easter is the Easter lily. The Easter lily's true name is Bermuda lily. For many, the beautiful trumpet-shaped white flowers symbolize purity, hope and life--the spiritual essence of Easter. Your local florist can even add a festive basket &amp; bow to your Potted Easter Lily. They are great as floral gifts for mom or grandma, or to decorate your home or office. They are grown from bulbs, and can be transplanted into your home garden after the blooms have died off. Then, they will bloom in your flower garden every spring!As a sign of Spring, Tulips are in full bloom, making this a perfect time to send a beautiful vase of fresh colorful tulips as a gift! Many spring flowers are at their peak in the Spring. Your local florist can recommend the many colorful options available.Centerpieces are a wonderful choice for Easter Brunch or Dinner. Your local florist can create a custom centerpiece in any size, color or style you prefer. They make a great gift for a host/hostess and can also be delivered to your recipient with a personalized Easter message!Attending Easter Services this year? An elegant corsage or boutonni&egrave;re' will compliment your Easter attire!The Easter Cactus, otherwise known as Rhipsalidopsis gaertneri, is a beautiful spring blooming plant similar to the Thanksgiving or Christmas Cactus. The obvious difference is that the Thanksgiving &amp; Christmas cactus usually blooms at Thanksgiving and Christmas and the Easter cactus usually blooms at Easter. The vivid blooms arrive every Easter and put on a spectacular show! What a fantastic Easter Gift for your loved ones!Finally, Easter Baskets aren't just for kids! Send a delicious Gourmet Gift Basket or Fresh Fruit Basket to your loved ones for Easter. Gourmet Gift Baskets can contain many goodies; Jelly Beans, Chocolates, Cookies, Crackers, and other snack items. Beautifully designed Fresh Fruit Baskets offer a healthy option and can contain a variety of fresh citrus and other "in season" fruits. Your local florist can also create the "Ultimate" in Gift Baskets for young people! A Gift Basket full of Easter Chocolates, Jelly Beans and a Plush Easter Bunny anchoring a colorful balloon bouquet would delight any child this Easter! Ask your local florist for details. Happy Easter!	
		If you are a visitor to England at Easter, you would be forgiven for thinking that the English people have nothing much in the way of Easter traditions apart from exchanging chocolate eggs.  This is because the nature of Easter celebrations is low-key and private; Easter is a time for sober worship and quiet family gatherings without the razzmatazz and hectic atmosphere that accompanies Christmas.  Even the exchange of Easter greetings cards tends to be confined to close friends and family.After the brief bright interlude of Christmas, we sink back into our torpor and endure the dull cold winter months until our first spring bank holiday arrives and gives us a reason to come wide awake.  In England we greet Easter with all the relief of dusty travellers arriving at an oasis in a desert.  Our desert might be grey and damp instead of sun-baked but we find the green oasis with its promise of spring and rebirth equally as welcome.Easter is the most important event in the Christian calendar but in the multicultural society of  England it is appreciated by both Christians and non-Christians for the two day Bank holiday it brings.  Unlike the two days our government allows us in which to celebrate Christmas, the Easter holidays never bring us a disappointing mid-week break, they always provide us with a four day weekend.  A cause for celebration indeed!Easter arrives quietly, no fanfare, no three month long advertising campaign like the one preceding Christmas.  We aren't urged to eat too much, drink to much, party too much, or do anything at all too much.  We are permitted to relax and enjoy family life.  There is no pressure to overspend on gifts for everyone from our nearest and dearest to the neighbour's dog.  Compared to the excesses promoted in the name of Christmas, the consumption of chocolate eggs seems a small indulgence.In England, Easter is the official start of the gardeners' year and also the time when all DIY enthusiasts, as if driven by some primeval urge, embark upon ambitious projects.  If you are not interested in gardening or DIY, you have four whole days free to enjoy as you wish.Easter is really too early for gardeners to be chancing the lives of tender plants but it is hard to resist the lure of the first real sunny days after the long grey winter.  Amateur gardeners take bedding plants from the hothouses and thrust them into soil that's far too cold to encourage growth.  The experienced gardeners won't gamble on frost free conditions and content themselves with planting the less decorative but frost-proof seed potatoes and onions.  Gardening at Easter is an anxious time because the English weather is reliably unpredictable and even the most dedicated gardener is likely to encounter showers heavy enough to dampen his enthusiasm and drive him indoors for a chocolate egg break.All the DIY jobs that have been in the planning stage since Christmas are lined up for the Easter break.  For the week preceding the holiday, the DIY supply stores will be heaving with customers and taking more money than during any other week of the year.  Then it will all go eerily quiet while all the customers adopt a kind of siege mentality and remain at home while they try to cram too much work into the long-anticipated four day weekend.At Easter Morris dancers, who are not in the least fashionable except in spring, suddenly find themselves in demand.  These troupes of dancers are almost exclusively male, rarely seen outside of small villages and are normally associated with a particular public house.  Many pubs in England will have a darts team or a quiz team but there are only a few that can boast their own troupe of Morris dancers.  As with playing darts, the availability of beer is an important part of this hobby.  The amazing thing about Morris dancers is not that there are so few of them, it is that they have survived at all: grown men dressed in silly costumes, skipping around waving handkerchiefs and pigs' bladders to the accompaniment of ancient folk tunes have limited appeal to most of modern society as a source of entertainment.  However, they have survived and have spread to places as distant as Canada and New Zealand.If you want to fully enjoy all the old English Easter traditions, the best place to be is in a quiet village far from any of the big cities.  The village church will be beautifully decorated with fresh flowers.  The village Easter Bunny will hide Easter eggs for the local children to find during the traditional Easter egg hunt.  The Morris dancers will leap and prance at the slightest encouragement.  The village bakery will offer fragrant hot cross buns warm from the oven and Simnel cakes with home made marzipan.  Easter Sunday dinner will be roast lamb with mint sauce and all the traditional trimmings.  Chocolate will be guilt-free for a whole weekend.Apart from the weather, which will almost certainly include showers, the experience of Easter in a quiet English village couldn't be more idyllic.  It is only in a friendly village at this time of year that you can witness anything approaching a return to a more innocent time.  There are not many places I can think of where an adult can dress up in a rabbit costume and hand out chocolate to children without having to worry about getting arrested, and men dressed all in white can skip and wave handkerchiefs at each other without attracting the wrong sort of attention.  The English village is definitely the place to be for Easter.  It is also the best place to enjoy May Day celebrations, but that's another story.Copyright 2006 Elaine Currie	
		I know you will love some of the options for unique Easter gift baskets.  There are several kinds of Easter gift baskets to choose from.  If you are religious your Easter gift baskets may be very different than those of a non-religious person or family.For example:&middot;	 Easter gift baskets for kids:There are Easter gift baskets filled with bunnies made of chocolate, jellybeans and candy eggs etc., as well as Easter gift baskets with crosses made out of chocolate.Most Easter gift baskets, religious or not, will have plenty of candy to eat and perhaps a chocolate cross, usually Easter baskets are decorated with little paper or plastic strips of make-believe grass at the bottom.&middot;	 Professional Easter gift baskets:So you are throwing an office party and you want a huge Easter gift basket or some Easter gift baskets for your coworkers, your employer or your employees.  There is a great selection online to choose from--look around and you are sure to find the very best Easter gift baskets available.&middot;	 Diabetics/ Hypoglycemic Easter gift baskets:There are even Easter gift baskets for those who cannot have sugar, (or at least not in large amounts).   But you can get Easter gift baskets for them as well, including all sugar-free candies and beautiful decorations.&middot;	 Satisfy the sweet tooth of adults too:There are many kinds of Easter gifts you can buy for adults especially chocolate Easter gifts. These gift baskets are often especially beautiful in design, and they make great presents.  Purchase an Easter gift as a nice gesture to someone you know, or even for yourself!	
		This sacred and joyous holiday for Christians throughout the world celebrates the resurrection of Jesus Christ three days after his death by crucifixion. For many Christians, especially those of Eastern and Orthodox faith, Easter is the most important holiday of the year, even over Christmas.So before I give you the best tips and recipes for your perfect Easter brunch I wanted to share the history of the Easter bunny and where the idea of decorating Easter eggs came from.It has been said that the colored eggs we decorate and hide in our Easter egg hunts came from Germany. Since the rabbits (a.k.a Easter bunny) and eggs were symbols of immortality, fertility and new life, the Germans used to leave the colored eggs in children's baskets. This custom was brought to America in the late 19th century by German immigrants.Here are some great Easter decorating tips to get you started:1.  When you looking for Easter decorations keep in mind light pastel colors. These peaceful colors will set the mood for your party.2.  Decorate your home with pastel balloons, streamers and plastic eggs.3.  Don't forget to put out some Easter candy either in baskets or pastel color bowls for your company to snack on.4.  Make sure you tableware match in pastels.5.  Try to find some daffodils or tulips and use these as table decorations. Either tie a pastel-colored ribbon around each flower and place them on each guests plate or pot them and place down the center of each table.6.  For place cards, hard boil a bunch of eggs and decorate each one differently. Once the eggs are dry, use a permanent maker and carefully write each of your guests on a separate egg. That way you can place each egg inside a small basket and set on each plate to let your guests know where they are sitting.Your Perfect Easter Brunch:Traditional Easter meals can either have ham or lamb as a main dish. These days, many families favor the salty sweetness of ham. Most ham dishes served on this holiday are honey glazed with sides of candied yams, glazed veggies and potatoes.Below I have found some great recipes that are easy to follow and absolutely perfect for your Easter brunch. And don't worry, if you are one of those families who prefer lamb over ham I have found some delicious recipes for you as well.Let's start off with the main course:
Easter HamIngredients1-7 to 8 lb. fully cooked smoked ham shank
1 C. maple syrup
2 Tbs. cider vinegar
1 Tbs. prepared mustard 
whole clovesDirectionsCombine syrup, vinegar and mustard. Place ham, fat side up, on rack in shallow roasting pan. Pour about 1/2 C. mixture over ham and bake, uncovered, in a preheated 325 degree oven for 1-1/2 hours. Baste every 30 minutes with additional sauce. Remove ham from oven and score fat into diamond shapes. Insert a clove into each diamond. Bake ham an additional 30 minutes or until a meat thermometer inserted into the thickest part of meat registers 140 degrees. Let ham rest 15 minutes before carving.Check out Recipe4Living.com for more ideas on Ham recipes for your Easter brunch. Just click on Holiday's on the left column and click on Easter.Now for a Lamb Recipe:
Honey Glazed LambIngredients1 C. Honey1/2 C. Dry white wine4 Tbs. Minced fresh mintSalt and pepper, to taste8 lbs. Boneless leg of lamb, (2 whole legs)DirectionsCombine honey, wine and mint; mix well. Season cut side of boned lamb with salt and pepper, then spread with honey mixture; roll and tie lamb. Brush outer surface with honey mixture. Roast on rack in shallow baking pan at 325 degrees F 1 to 1-1/2 hours or to 160 degrees F on meat thermometer for medium doneness. Baste every 15 minutes. Let stand 10 to 15 minutes before slicing.Check out http://www.Recipe4Living.com for more ideas on Lamb recipes for your Easter brunch. Just click on Holiday's on the left column and click on Easter.Side dishes are a must and just as important as the main course.Side Potatoes Dishes
Oven Roast Greek PotatoesIngredients4-5 Medium Potatoes; Cubed1 Tbs. Olive Oil1 Tbs. Butter; Melted1-2 Tbs. All Purpose Greek SeasoningDash Garlic SeasoningDirectionsPreheat oven to 350 degrees. Toss potatoes with remaining ingredients. Bake in 9x13" casserole dish for 30-40 minutes, turning occasionally, until golden. 
Yield: 4 servingsSides Asparagus Dishes
Oven Roasted Potatoes and AsparagusIngredients1 1/2 lb. red potatoes cut into chunks2 Tbs. extra virgin olive oil8 cloves garlic, thinly sliced4 tsp. dried rosemary4 tsp. dried thyme2 tsp. kosher salt1 bunch fresh asparagus trimmed and cut into 1 inch pieces ground black pepper to tasteDirectionsPreheat oven to 425 degrees. In a large baking dish, toss the red potatoes with 1/2 the olive oil, garlic, rosemary, thyme, and 1/2 the kosher salt. Cover with aluminum foil. Bake 20 minutes in the preheated oven. Mix in the asparagus, remaining olive oil, and remaining salt. Cover, and continue cooking 15 minutes, or until the potatoes are tender. Increase oven temperature to 450 degrees. Remove foil, and continue cooking 5 to 10 minutes, until potatoes are lightly browned. Season with pepper to serve.Yield: 6 Servings.Side Glazed Carrot Dishes
Glazed CarrotsIngredients6 C. carrots cut into 1" diagonal slices1/4 C. brown sugar1/2 tsp. nutmeg1/4 C. orange juice1/4 C. butter1 tsp. cornstarch1/2 tsp. saltDirectionsCook carrots on stovetop in a small amount of salted water until tender, drain water. Combine orange juice, nutmeg, brown sugar, cornstarch, and mix until smooth. Pour over carrots and cook for several minutes until mixture thickens. Add butter and toss. Serve hot.Bread/Rolls
Greek Easter BreadIngredients1 pkg. Dry yeast1/2 C. Warm water1/2 C. Boiling water1 tsp. Cinnamon3/4 C. Sugar3 Eggs1/4 C. Butter; melted1/2 C. Warm milk1 tsp. Baking powder1/2 tsp. Salt5 C. Flour (all-purpose)1 Egg yolk; beatenSesame seeds5 Eggs; hard-cooked; unshelled -and dyed redDirectionsSoften yeast in warm water and set aside. Combine boiling water and cinnamon; set aside. Combine sugar and eggs; beat well. Add melted butter to egg mixture and beat again. Skim off 1/4 C. clear cinnamon water and add along with yeast and milk to egg mixture, blending well. Combine dry ingredients and add to batter; knead dough until smooth and elastic, about 10 minutes. Shape dough to fit into 2 greased 8 in. round pans; crisscross 2 strips of dough over each loaf. Cover and let rise in a warm place until doubled in bulk. Brush loaves with beaten egg yolk and sprinkle with sesame seeds. Bake at 350 degrees for 25 minutes or until brown. Push dyed eggs into bread immediately when loaves are removed from oven.Now for the best part of the whole meal....Dessert. Have fun and create an eye popping dessert that your whole family will enjoy. Here are some different options to choose from.Easter Angel Cake
Ingredients1 pkg. white angel food cake mix8 oz. frozen whipped cream topping, thawed1 C. flaked coconut6 drops green food colorJelly beansDirectionsBake and cool cake as directed on package, remove from pan. Frost with whipped topping. Combine coconut and food color until evenly tinted. Sprinkle over top of cake. Arrange jelly beans on coconut. After serving, refrigerate any remaining cake.For more Easter side dish recipes and desserts visit http://www.Recipe4Living.com.Have a wonderful Easter Holiday and keep your eyes open for the Easter bunny. You never know what he might leave you this year.	
		Easter gifts have a long and fascinating history.  Gifting is tied to the holiday known as Easter, and ancient Pagan rituals focused at this time of year upon the renewal of the earth, the upcoming green new growth that the emerging sunlight and warmer weather encouraged, and the idea of birth and rebirth.  The egg is a symbol of all of these ideas, and was adopted by and still is used in Christian Easter celebrations to this day.To start, eggs were painted and decorated and used as gifts.  They were given as a romantic gift to admirers, as well as to servants and children.  People of Eastern Orthodox faiths made this tradition their own by dying their eggs red to symbolize Christ's blood, and on Easter day they would crack the eggs, to represent Christ breaking out of the tomb.  As technology improved, there were hollow eggs crafted from cardboard that were filled with smaller gifts, typically food items.  Hollow eggs were also formed from sugar, and were decorated with sugar royal icings.  Perhaps the ultimate gift egg was the Faberg&eacute; egg, which was studded with real jewels and was given originally as a gift for the Czar of Russia.  Around this time chocolate easter eggs were created, and soon became a favorite holiday tradition.  As an extension of the egg, the chick was also associated with Easter, and today children will often find marshmallow chicks as a gift that was linked to the original prominence of the egg in the Easter celebration.Another type of gift you will likely find in modern Easter baskets are rabbits, usually in the form of a toy stuffed rabbit or rabbit-shaped candies and chocolates.  This tradition also traces back to early Pagan traditions.  Rabbits are known for their ability to reproduce, and this idea of birth, especially in early spring when rabbits tend to give birth to their young, helped to tie them as yet another symbol of this holiday season.Clothing was sometimes associated as an Easter gift.  In the early Catholic tradition, if the faithful were baptized the night before Easter Sunday, they wore white robes for Easter week.  If they were baptized before this night, then they got to wear new clothes.  Everyone wearing their robes or new clothes could then take part in an Easter parade, which was a walk after mass on Easter Day.Because of the association with a new growth cycle, gifts from the garden are also connected to Easter.  Easter lilies are often given as gifts because they bloom around the time Easter is celebrated.Easter baskets in early times contained gifts to the goddess Oestre in the hopes that she would grant a good harvest.  Eggs were often collected in baskets as well.  German legend of an Easter hare, later changed to rabbit, which would bring a basket filled with sweets and colored eggs to children on Easter morning, was brought to America by early German settlers, and the practice continues to this day.	
		With spring fast approaching, Easter is nearly here. One of the most enjoyed holidays is Easter and part of the reason why this holiday is so much fun is the food associated with it. If you are cooking an Easter dinner with your friends or family this year, here are some good tips for some tasty Easter recipes.Maple Syrup Ham and Sweet Potatoes with MarshmallowsOne of the most requested types of food to eat during Easter is ham and you can sweeten up the taste of it by adding some delicious maple syrup. While your store bought maple syrup should work, try to purchase maple syrup that is 100% pure and not made with corn syrup. Adding pure maple syrup will add a sweet, delicious taste that your friends and family will like.You can simply complement your maple syrup ham with some yummy sweet potatoes smothered in miniature marshmallows. Sweet potatoes will be your maple syrup ham's best friend. For an added treat, add miniature marshmallows and you will surely get some smiles from children and adults alike.Easter Bunny CookiesAlthough chocolate bunnies are essential to Easter, cookies can also be a desired treat. Just like Christmas cookies are fun to make and yummy to eat, so are Easter Bunny cookies. Most grocery stores, discount stores, and craft outlets sell Easter Bunny cookie cutters to make your favorite chocolate chip or sugar cookie into some exciting Easter Bunny shapes.Easter Egg Cup CakesEaster Egg cup cakes are a wonderful way to add enthusiasm to the holidays for your kids. Easter Egg Cupcakes are an easy and fun way to bring color to any Easter dinner dessert. Instead of using cup cake holders, try to use small waffle cones to hold your cup cake mixture. Once baked, add coloring, sprinkles, candy, etc. to your creation.Easter Bunny Carrot CakeEaster Bunny carrot cake is a great way to add color and excitement for the whole family. What goes better with bunny rabbits than carrots and a yummy carrot cake goes with an Easter dinner. You can simply buy a carrot cake and decorate the top yourself. Many people create their own icing adding food coloring to color the carrot cake to look like an Easter egg.Easter CocktailsFor those adults that prefer to top off their dinner with a delicious alcoholic beverage, there are many flavorful cocktails that can go with the mood of an Easter dinner. For example, certain liquors come in numerous colors such as grenadine for scarlet, blue Curacao for indigo and mixing clear liquor with various fruit juices for multicolored Easter drinks. For those that like a cocktail without the alcohol, it's simple to add color to your event with a host of fresh fruit smoothies, just by adding fresh fruit with cream or milk. Some people even add a little yogurt to the mix.If you are looking for a great way to enjoy your Easter this year, take a look at the above Easter recipes.	
		The Easter Bunny is the magical visitor typically associated with Easter.  However this year it seems that Santa Claus is getting into the Easter spirit as well.  So what exactly does Santa Claus know about Easter?  Well, we're about to find out, as a famous Santa Claus, Indiana candy shop just took a giant bunny hop into the Easter season by launching an innovative new product: personalized chocolate Easter bunnies.Santa's Candy Castle, established in 1935, has long been famous for their Christmas offerings, including the world's largest selection of candy canes and dozens of flavors of gourmet hot chocolate.  But earlier this week, the unique confectioner entered into the Easter market when it began offering 1 LB solid chocolate Easter bunnies that are individually personalized with the name of your loved one.  The company believes that it has found the perfect Easter product for families with young children.Most families have developed strong personal favorites when it comes to Easter baskets and candy, whether it be jelly beans, chocolate eggs, or peeps.  Parents associate those favorites with Easter and will choose those items every year out of tradition.  What they often struggle to find, however, is the unique item that will make their child's Easter basket really special.A personalized chocolate bunny is the perfect answer.  You won't find it on the shelf of any store -- only the Easter Bunny could deliver something so special.  Take any ordinary Easter basket, add this personalized chocolate bunny as the centerpiece, and you instantly have an extraordinary basket.But what if you or your children can't have chocolate?  As a follow-up to its popular letters from Santa program, Santa's Candy Castle also began offering personalized letters from the Easter Bunny, complete with foil-embossed stationery and envelopes.  And in keeping with the Easter spirit of hope, a substantial portion of all letter sales will be donated to the Easter Bunny Foundation, a non-profit organization that brings the Easter Bunny to over 15,000 hospitalized children across the country every year.So will the Easter Bunny mind getting a little help from Santa Claus this year?  Certainly not, but before you go leaving out milk and cookies for Santa on "Easter Eve", just remember that the Easter Bunny is still in charge when it comes to Easter, and he still prefers carrots to cookies.	